"Idea Title: The Path to Becoming a Developer  Idea Description: Nowadays, many people are recognizing the value of learning computer languages and restructuring their plans for professional development around Python, Java, and other coding languages 'Ai even people in the midst of completely unrelated careers. The pool of hopeful developers includes people who spent upwards of 200k of private education, self-taught individuals who trudged through the million and one online free resources to settle on the ones that worked for them, people who took their chances on coding boot camps, and people who were forced to learn JavaScript on Python on the job over years to meet company needs. Does it matter where you learn to code nowadays?Where is this wave of coders coming from? 'Ai universities, people coming from unrelated careers, people picking up skills on their lunch breaks and Google to solve problems at work here and there until it develops into a useable skill over the years?Do the majority of todays coders have college degrees at all 'Aimuch less ones in computer science?What combination of resources results in the best skill development? Which do people recommend again?How do self-taught developers prep for interviews? How much of an actual issue is no degree really? Are they initially scared?We can try to get 100 hiring IT managers from LinkedIn or Prolific to complement the survey for their opinions on how they perceive people from different educational backgrounds in relation to one another and the pros/cons of hiring each.If youre nervous about not having a formal education, what can you do to mitigate this concern in a hiring managers mind?Do people who shelled out on formal educations for computer science degrees have any regrets? Do they hold resentment towards the current system/self-taught people?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: No Child Left Behind  Idea Description: Schools wishing to prepare students for success in the real world have to significantly integrate technology and its applications into the curriculum. How are U.S. school districts keeping up? Are students in the gifted program receiving more technological instruction than those who are in ESL, or disability programs? Are boys receiving better quality tech programs than girls? Does ethnicity or family income level play a role? Using the below data set, we can examine all of these factors to dig up and highlight disparities that need to be addressed nationwide. Relevant variables include: Information and Communication Technology scale, Communicating and Collaborating practice scale, Census division [CENSDIV]; Is there a computer at home that you use? [D800401]; Percent in gifted and talented program [C044004]; Have access to the internet at home [D800501]; Percent receiving ESL instruction [C044006]; Gender [GENDER]; Percent in special education [C044007]; Percent enrollment identified as LEP [C046501]; Percent receiving non-English instruction [C046702]; Disability status of student, including those with 504 plan [IEP]; Disability status of student, excluding those with 504 plan [IEP2009]; Status as English Language Learner, 2 categories [LEP]; Student disability or English Language Learner status [SDELL]; School location, 12 categories [UTOL12]; Race/ethnicity allowing multiple responses, student-reported [DRACEM]; Status as English Language Learner, 3 categories [ELL3]; Lack of qualified teachers [C094401]; Lack of technical support personnel [C094402]; Lack or inadequacy of instructional materials [C094403]; Lack or inadequacy of Internet connectivity [C094404]; Lack or inadequacy of workshop equipment [C094405]; Lack or inadequacy of audio-visual resources [C094406]  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Would You Rather: Sleep Edition  Idea Description: With summer coming up, I am going to rely on my A/C blasting to have a good nights\ sleep. It 's going to cost me in my electric bill, but I\d rather pay up than sleep without AC in Florida. What other sleep/mattress would you rathers can we come up with? Of course, some of these could also take a sexual spin since we\re talking about beds. Let 's survey people and give them a series of sleep would you rathers to choose between! This will reveal how much Americans value their beds and quality sleep as well as their bed/mattress preferences. Are people with certain types and sizes of mattresses more loyal to them?With the answers to these questions, we can also find similarities between people who choose each situation. For example: - Would you rather sleep in a cold room w/ 10 blankets or a hot room with none?- Would you rather sleep on the same bed sheets forever without changing them or only be able to shower once per month?- Would you rather sleep on a foam or spring mattress?- Would you rather sleep forever on an air mattress or a comfy, but used mattress of unknown origin?- Would you rather sleep 15 hours a day or never sleep again?- Would you rather sleep alone on a king forever or on a twin size bed with your partner?- Would you rather give up your bed or Wifi in your house?- Would you rather over-sleep or be unable to get any sleep all night?- Would you rather give up your iPhone forever or never sleep in a bed again? - Would you rather never be able to eat desserts/drink coffee again or never be able to sleep in again?- Would you rather sleep on the floor for a year or release your internet history to your family, friends, and boss?- Would you rather never having to work again or never have to sleep again?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sustainable Cars (Not Just Under the Hood)  Idea Description: Audi recently revealed that they are working to reduce the environmental impact of the entire car -- not just reducing emissions. Up to 89% of the fabric in current A3 models is made from recycled PET plastic bottles -- they turn that plastic into a yarn that can be weaved to mimic the look of conventional textile fabrics. One of their goals is to make seat upholstery completely out of recycled materials, and to make it possible to recycle these materials again after a car has reached the end of its lifespan. Other car manufacturers have also been looking into sustainable materials in and out of the car.For this campaign, lets get drivers perceptions on the topic of completely sustainable cars. We could ask drivers what style or options their car currently has (runs on gas, electric, eco mode, sport package, leather, cloth upholstery, wood grain, etc.) and see how receptive they would be to driving a car that was made from sustainable materials. We could also ask if they use single use plastic and compare that to the amount of plastic it takes to manufacture materials for inside of the car (in the article it says they use 45 bottles for seat fabric and 62 bottles for carpets, although we would need a more authoritative source.) How often are people leasing or buying new cars? Does this overturn of vehicles support the need for sustainable materials? How much would people be willing to pay for a car that has sustainable materials and how would they see its value compared to traditional cars? Would people be more willing to buy a sustainable car if it was a luxury brand vs. standard? We could also ask drivers the top factors that go into their car buying process/selection to get a better understanding of who is shopping for environmentally friendly options.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: BREAKING: Dog Saves the Day  Idea Description: with a revised description based on KT 's feedback--As the old adage goes, dogs are a man 's (or woman 's) best friend. Social platforms and news outlets are typically flooded with stories reporting on a family dog 's heroic feat. In this project let 's tap MediaCloud in the same vein as the infamous Florida Man project: injuryclaimcoach.com/analysis-of-the-florida-man.html to pull headlines mentioning the bravest doggos in our nation. First, we 'll feature a timeline asset to visually display the volume of dogs saving the day over time annotated with emotionally compelling and heartwarming stories. What are the most common themes of the articles? We can create a scoring system to determine the most heroic acts based on metrics like: danger of the situation, injuries sustained, dog fatalities, the person saved, crime stopped, etc. Moreover, let 's create superlatives ranking best doggos in X arena Data on:1. List of dogs with most wartime confirmed kills2. Police dogs with most apprehensions3. Bravest dogs Killed in Action (police or military)4. Owner protection (personal owned dogs that showed extreme bravery (ranked list based on survey respondents reading their story)5. Breed breakdowns for each segment researched. 6. Name analysis? Are brave dogs named similar things? (maybe worthwhile)7. Dog age analysis (maybe worthwhile)Finally, depending on scope, let 's supplement this data with a short survey of pet owners to see how dogs provide a sense of familial security. The goal here will be to feature watchdog stories on the LP. The survey can be hosted on the LP as an interactive to live-update heroic doggo stories.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Culture of Complainers  Idea Description: Inspired by this recent Forbes article: https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbescoachescouncil/2020/05/11/culture-of-complainers-seven-ways-to-cut-workplace-complaining/#7de56d383eba. This will be a survey-based execution of both employees and managers, to determine if it helps or hurts when you complain (or vent) about work to coworkers. There are multiple schools of thought on the subject; while some experts believe complaining about work is a cathartic experience for employees, others agree it breeds negativity and stress in the workplace. The survey will include validated scales to measure factors such as work stress, well-being, social support, happiness, and more to analyze differences between groupings of frequent-complainers and non-complainers. Whats more, well identify the reasons employees, and managers, have a natural urge to vent about work and the people in which they confide in. Does complaining about work feel good in the moment? Does having someone who will listen and validate feelings help people feel closer and less stressed? Do frequent complainers earn more money and move up the ladder quicker? Alternately, can complaining about work hurt your reputation? Has there been an increase in complaining during the pandemic, perhaps about how employers handled the transition or are executing the return to work? What are some proactive coping strategies beyond complaining that are effective at stress release without the negative consequences? Whats the most effective method used to cut workplace complaining? Well break down results by employment level, length, gender, and age to see how perceptions vary between different workers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Disney Plus Outdated Cultural Depictions  Idea Description: Even the most beloved of old Disney films now available for streaming on Disney Plus contain problematic material: the Native American princess Tiger Lily in Peter Pan, the stereotypically Asian Siamese cats in the Lady & the Tramp (and Aristocats), and for heaven 's sake...the black crow named Jim Crow in Dumbo (I am serious - it 's there). SMH.Although these types of characters may not have been inappropriate to the majority of viewers at the time of their release, today, it 's a different story. This cultural change is great - but Disney chose to still release these films. They approached these dicey scenarios on Disney Plus by placing a warning on some of their films. It reads, the film may contain outdated cultural depictions.Business Insider said this move was the way to go. While simply not broadcasting the problematic material, you prevent re-offending the parties who are being improperly characterized. At the same time, wiping it from history has the potential to make it appear that the wrong decision was never made in the first place, and if we don 't embrace mistakes, we don 't learn from them.That 's a good point, but how do viewers tend to feel? Which films do they think should just be completely removed or edited to take out the offending content? How many people think Disney 's gone too far by adding this warning to films? how does this differ by age, parenthood? how many parents think its important for their children to understand the past? At what age should you discuss these touchy and crucial issues with children? Do they point out offensive content and explain to their children, or gloss over?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Modern Day Latchkey Kids  Idea Description: Its possible to position this campaign with a greater emphasis on how career and financial pressures are leading more parents to consider leaving their child unsupervised and how security technologies makes this option safer for them and their child. Pivoting away from parenting-focus.---According to the nonprofit group, Afterschool Alliance, there were 11.3 million unsupervised school-age children in 2014. With rising childcare costs, decreasing availability of afterschool programs, and the pressure for parents to remain a dual-income household, this number may be increasing. But with modern day security technologies, being a latchkey kid today is undoubtedly different than it was in the 1980s.For this campaign, well examine how career and financial pressures are leading more parents to consider leaving their child unsupervised but how modern security technologies like doorbell, in-home cameras, location tracking, etc. may make this a safer option than it was 10 years ago. This scenario is frequently shown in security-related commercials of a parent checking in on their child or feeling relief in seeing their child arrive home.What percentage of parents currently or plan to leave their child unsupervised at home due to career obligations? Of those who do, how many have or will purchase additional security technologies? How much safer do parents feel having these technologies available to them? Do they feel a sense of guilt leaving their child unsupervised? How often do they check on a child? How has it improved their perceived safety? How do they believe these technologies have made their child feel safer?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wheres Infrastructure Getting a Facelift?  Idea Description: We always hear about America aging infrastructure, how something needs to be done, etc. - but anyone who drives in South Florida (or Chicago, or pretty much...anywhere) probably complains even more about whatever construction projects are going on - it seems like it always something!It turns out the US still spends in the neighborhood of $500 billion annually on infrastructure - so where is the money going? Since all government spending is required by law to be published and accessible to download, lets use usaspending.gov to look at all of the money spent by the department of transportation (and its subagencies by state) on infrastructure over the last few years. I just downloaded one and these are huge, detailed datasets that we could explore in a ton of different ways - which states get the most per capita, which companies get the most contracts (and does that result in certain states getting way more money than they should), has spending kept pace with the number of drivers on the road (that a separate but very easy to get statistic), which states are chronically underserved, etc. We can also look at it by total miles of roads in each state (also a stat easily pulled and probably better than per capita, since cities with lots of people but not many roads would skew it)From a promo/client standpoint, we could keep this general enough that it could be pitched as worst states for construction and/or best states for the newest roads or something like that (weirdly, those would be the same rankings i think, just whoever is spending the most per capita)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: BRFSS: Veterans and Mental Health  Idea Description: This is to get this approved NOW so the day this data comes out we can grab it and execute it very quickly to be ontrack with the news cycle of this data! Would count for November 's Campaign.Using BRFSS data, we will explore the mental health of veterans across the united states. We will explore things like how frequently veterans compared to civillians are drinkingDuring the past 30 days, how many days per week or per month did you have at least one drink of any alcoholicbeverage such as beer, wine, a malt beverage or liquor?Heavy drinkers (adult men having more than 14 drinks per week and adult women having more than 7 drinksper week)as well as mental health, physical health, and health care coverageNow thinking about your mental health, which includes stress, depression, and problems with emotions, forhow many days during the past 30 days was your mental health not good?Do you have any kind of health care coverage, including health insurance, prepaid plans such as HMOs, orgovernment plans such as Medicare, or Indian Health Service?Was there a time in the past 12 months when you needed to see a doctor but could not because of cost?About how long has it been since you last visited a doctor for a routine checkup? [A routine checkup is ageneral physical exam, not an exam for a specific injury, illness, or condition.]All of this data can br broken down by state, gender, income, etc. And we can look at just veterans or compare veterans to civilians. It would be different from this: https://americanaddictioncenters.org/learn/state-of-veterans/  <|endoftext|>"
