"Idea Title: Is Unplugging the New Privilege?  Idea Description: There has been a great deal of coverage on how top executives in Silicon Valley limit screen time for their kids, send them to schools that use very little technology, etc - most of this coverage has dealt with the fact that these tech leaders know exactly how addicting the products they built really are and the general idea that theyre aware of how damaging they could be to a developing mind vs. more human interaction.So is this sort of thing the new Word Gap? (a famous study from the mid-1990s that showed children from wealthier families heard between 3 and 5 million more words spoken by adults by the time they were 5 years old)? That study made huge waves because it showed a whole new type of privilege - being born rich meant adults had more time for you, and there was already a huge body of evidence showing that time with adults (even for infants) correlated with ridiculously better life outcomes later on.Still, low income parents have less money for all forms of childcare, they work longer hours, and occupying a kid with a screen is just generally very appealing; at the same time, they often have less access to the knowledge base or networks where they would even hear about the gnarly effects of screen time.So -- let figure out a way to get a truly income-stratified sample of parents and ask them a) do they limit screen time, b) are they worried about screen time, c) do they generally know about the potential pitfalls of sticking kids in front of screens (this kind of parenting knowledge has been shown to correlate with income in old research) etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Doxing  Idea Description: Doxing involves the dropping of docs, or more broadly, revealing the identity and other details of an online persona or sharing their online behavior with real life contacts. It has increasingly been used as a tool to influence peoples reputation, relationships, and, most importantly for our purposes, their careers. Below is an example of people being fired as a result of doxing:https://www.internetandtechnologylaw.com/doxing-legal/Lets survey Americans and Europeans about whether they believe doxing is acceptable in general, and then under what circumstances. Lets determine whether or not they would be willing to dox someone, and why. Is it something they would welcome as a workplace institution? Meaning, in addition to traditional background checks, a doxing level unraveling of their internet persona? Who is most likely to believe that doxing is defensible? Useful? Are Americans more or less likely than Europeans? What about by political leaning? How many believe they are undoxable - with a squeaky clean post history? How many believe its fair to be fired for posting something that has always been offensive? What about posting something that wasnt offensive before, but currently is? And do they also support in-person doxing? Would they report a co-worker friend to management for telling a distasteful joke? What do they think the psychological effects of doxing are to its victims? How much do they care about that? How do they perceive ideological diversity in terms of its importance to the workplace - how does it compare to demographic diversity?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Movie Fans on the Future of (Going to the) Movies  Idea Description: With recent changes in the film industry like Warner announcing that all of their movies in 2021 will be released simultaneously on HBO Max and theaters, and Disney recently announced its pivot to streaming, how are movie fans\ reacting to those massive industry changes? In my case, going to the movies is one of my favorite activities; however, I am not willing to go to a movie theater yet. Having said that, I find myself wanting to support the film industry in some sort of way because I feel bad about the idea of \u200b\u200bgoing to the movies is a thing of the past. Where do you watch movies since the beginning of the pandemic? How likely are fans to prefer streaming a newly released movie than going to a movie theater?How eager are movie fans to go to a movie theater right now/after the pandemic? Under which conditions will they consider going to a movie theater? What safety measures they feel movie theaters should take during the pandemic? How much trust do movie fans have in movie theaters enforcing safety policies? Thinking on a post-pandemic situation, what percentage would return to seeing movies in theaters vs those who will stick to streaming? What do movie fans miss/don 't miss about going to movie theaters? The big screen? Immersive surround sound? Big crowds? The excitement of a collective viewing experience? The smell of Popcorn? Ridiculously expensive food? Let 's find out!For this campaign, let 's survey movie fans of different demos. Let 's breakdown by those loving movie theaters vs. those with a Netflix and chill mentality.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: FEMA Fire Fighter Data  Idea Description: This dataset has potential to create an interactive or large scope project using detailed data from FEMA.Datasets:- Fire Department Registry: 6,702 fire stations and 1.2M personnel. The data includes the address, website, dept. type (volunteer or not), number of stations, active personnel, and station name. | Enter address to see distance from closest station. Stations per capita. Average fire fighters per station. Most/least volunteers per city/state. etc.- Fire Fighter Deaths (positioned as first responder safety): 2,290 fire fighter deaths from 1978 to 2018. The data includes fire fighter name, age, rank, classification, date of death, cause of death, nature of death, activity at time of death, whether they were responding to an emergency, duty, and property type. | Deaths over time. Most common causes of death. The average age of death by cause of deaths. Deaths per rank. Causes of death over time.- Residential and nonresidential building fire and fire loss estimates by property use and cause: Fires and deaths by resident type. Cause of fire over time. Sum of financial losses by cause of fire and over time. Fires by type of business establishment. | Most common cause of fire by business type/residential home type. Most expensive fires by cause of fire. Deaths or injuries by cause of fire.- Fire death and injury rates: deaths by state, over time, and age.We can combine all location information across datasets to create an interactive. Can ask users to input demographic data or housing information to generate risk, rate of injury, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Collection Calls Survey  Idea Description: With an unprecedented number of Americans in medical and credit card debt, more people than ever may have to deal with the unpleasantness of debt collector calls. These can range from the unpleasant (being reminded you have a debt and getting frequent calls) to terrifying and illegal (threats of violence and behaviors bordering on stalking). There Fair Debt Collections Reporting Act is intended to curb many of these behaviors and protect consumers, but that doesnt mean it still doesnt really stress people out to get these calls.For this campaign, let survey 1000 people who have been in debt and gotten to the point where theyre being called by collectors. We can ask them how often, at what time, different attributes of the call, type of debt, whether they eventually paid or how it was resolved (if it was resolved at all). We can show this data as a way of what falls within legal or illegal behavior (for example, calls before 8AM or after 9PM are illegal) and get an estimate of people who have been subject to illegal collections activity. Wed also ask basic questions about the rights consumers have, then report on what % of people in debt know their basic rights in general. We can also include actionable tips on what to do if this happens to you (for example, cease and desist letters obligate collectors to stop calling you). For fun, wed get write ins on the worst things people have dealt with.Also worth noting, if there was ever a population we wanted where using Mturk would actually HELP us, this is probably it :)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When a Gold Standard Isn'Aot Golden For Everyone  Idea Description: Vox and others have written extensively about the gap that exists between medical knowledge on opioid treatment (which currently favors medication assisted treatment as the gold standard for treating dependency) and the more stigmatized approaches of significant numbers of treatment providers and the public alike, who both would deride this as substituting one drug for another. In essence, using opioid derivatives like methadone is seen as not achieving true sobriety, so its availability varies widely from state to state and region to region.Still, there very good evidence that the presence of methadone clinics in a neighborhood or city leads to a large reduction in overdose rates, and the debate becomes whether the idea of reducing harm and keeping people alive is more important than doing it in one particular way (namely, by pushing for total abstinence). For this campaign, let run a mixed survey of individuals who work in the treatment industry (we can get from Facebook) and those who had a close friend or relative deal with opioid addiction (Mturk). We could ask a few questions to see whether people have basic knowledge around what methadone is and what it does, whether it leads to more or fewer deaths in a region, whether its recommended by experts or not, etc. We would also ask about people actual beliefs and sentiment around the issue, and a clever survey would be able to tease out why people do or dont believe in the use of a treatment thats (medically, at least) considered to be a gold standard.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employment in Tech/Information Industries  Idea Description: Lets analyze BLS data for employment etc. in information industries. We can see employment, wages, hours worked, full-time/part-time employmentIn BLS CEW (Census of Employment and Wages, weekly or quarterly) Information is broken down into the following sub-industries: Information Information Publishing industries, except Internet Information Newspaper, book, and directory publishersInformation Newspaper publishers Information Periodical publishers Information Book publishers Information Directory, mailing list, and other publishers Information Software publishers Information Motion picture and sound recording industries Information Motion picture and video production Information Motion picture and video exhibition Information Broadcasting, except InternetInformation Radio and television broadcasting Information Radio broadcasting Information Television broadcastingInformation Cable and other subscription programmingInformation Telecommunications Information Wired and wireless telecommunications carriersInformation Wired telecommunications carriers Information Wireless telecommunications carriers, except satelliteInformation Other telecommunicationsInformation Telecommunications resellers Information Data processing, hosting and related serviceInformation Other information servicesInformation Internet publishing and broadcasting and web search portalsWe could focus on information in general and then break out the ones that have to do with software, internet, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gastro Vacations/ Ultra High End Dining Around the World  Idea Description: A restaurant with three Michelin stars is considered to be at the absolute peak of cuisine, defined as exceptional cuisine that is worth a special journey. The Michelin Guides have been around for decades, but have only fairly recently begin expanding to new cities to highlight ultra high-end dining experiences. There a whole culture of people who plan entire trips around the Michelin guide, and there are also probably plenty of people who plan trips with dining heavily in mind, even if it isnt so high end. Getting a Michelin star can more or less make a chef career, and losing one (or more) is seen as a huge humiliation in the restauranting world. Dubai doesnt have a guide yet, but there is a ton of chatter online about how it should be a top contender for one in the near future.For this campaign, let do a survey/ objective data hybrid to look at the evolution of a) top restaurants around the world (we can use michelin guides or the San Pellegrino rankings, which may actually be better because they can be anywhere on earth) and b) survey people about traveling with dining in mind. For the data part, we could just map something like the san pellegrino rankings over time and see where they cluster and how they change, and for the survey wed filter for people who list dining as a top motivator for a trip abroad. Wed then dig into what type of food, how they plan, how much they spend, etc. We can also ask seasoned foodies what cities need a michelin guide that dont currently have one  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: You Are How You Light It  Idea Description: My roommate and I are pretty different people, and when we moved in and found that our bedrooms didnt come with fixtures, we each set about handling our respective lighting situations - he went with an extremely generic, functional, useful ceiling fan and light combo and said It feels like what youre supposed to get, and I thought, Yeah, that very him.People choices of product categories (like all choices) tend to reflect deeper aspects of personality - do you go ultra-modern or extremely traditional in lighting your home? A bunch of floor lamps and candles to set a Bohemian tone or a faux crystal chandelier because you once saw Versailles and loved it? Are you all-in with the multicolor LED smartbulb thing? Using the personality assessment we have in surveymonkey, lets see what types of people choose different lighting schema for their bedrooms and/or homes - as always, using this kind of personality assessment is great because its categories are a proxy for all sorts of other things already known from research like intelligence (high openness/high conscientiousness/low neuroticism), likelihood youre a sexual deviant (high extraversion/high agreeableness/high openness), or how prone you are to misremember details (high openness/low conscientiousness). Wed ultimately be able to break down by category and say things like personality structure of the guy who owns 10 or more candles and personality structure of chandelier-types. Can also break down by traditional demos.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: New Anchor Free COVID Idea Based on Client Feedback  Idea Description: Since a large portion of Americans are now working remotely, we\re relying on communication platforms to communicate with businesses, clients, team members, family members, friends, and more. To examine this further, we 'll conduct a survey of 1,000 employees examining general security concerns that have arisen since adapting to remote work.First, we 'll examine broad security when working remotely and whether employees perceive it to be more dangerous or risky than onsite work and communications. Have IT professionals witnessed more risky behavior or security lapses? What are the concerns with sharing sensitive information over specific platforms? What about concerns with using personal devices or connecting to devices from home?Secondly, what are the risks of relying on specific video conferencing platforms? Already, we\re seeing Zoom calls being hacked and disrupting classes, meetings, birthday 's, phone calls, and more. How many people have experienced this? When we talked about it in a team channel, many people chimed in saying they personally knew someone that was affected by these pranksters. Companies such as Google and many large school districts have banned the use of Zoom due to these security issues. So how safe do people think these platforms are? Are they trusted? Have they experienced a hacked call or know someone who has been hacked? Has their company taken specific action or banned certain platforms? Do they have remote conferencing guidelines and what are they?  <|endoftext|>"
