"Idea Title: Spending with a Conscience  Idea Description: Are people putting their money where their politics are? Because of recent events, we are learning more and more of what it means to be an ally to our black communities, and one version of that support comes from making conscious decisions to support minority-owned businesses, especially black-owned businesses. https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/351358Using a survey, lets explore the general awareness of diversity in the brands we buy from. How many people spend more money to purchase an item for more socially conscious reasons (to support minority businesses or small businesses). How much more are they willing to spend in order to support minority-owned businesses? How have recent events affected our awareness of our consumer behavior, and is it affecting the way we will spend in the future? This project allows us to talk about recent events and consumer behavior in a super actionable way, and while the project aims to objectively explore this idea, overall I feel like its positive piece for the brand that sparks a timely conversation that will still be interesting over the next few months as the nation continues to engage in conversations around race and allyship. We can even weave in conversations about brick-and-mortar businesses, our sentiment surrounding buying from large brick-and-mortar establishments such as department stores, versus smaller businesses. We might also highlight lack of online purchasing platforms for small businesses as being a barrier to purchase.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pampered Pets  Idea Description: The Pet Retail Market Is Hot And Getting Hotter By The Day - ForbesPet-obsessed millennials power soaring pet-care spending - SmallBizDailyMillennials are treating pets like 'their firstborn child,\ and it 's reportedly causing problems for some of the best-known pet food brands - BusinessInsider--If you\re like most, you live by the belief that your pet deserves nothing but the best. Retail research has shown that pet spending soared to $73 billion in 2018 and is expected to rise. But with all of this spending, are millennials more likely to purchase luxury goods for their pet than for themselves?In this idea, we 'll look to quantify general pet spending figures and habits by generation. We 'll look at recurring purchases like food as well as single-time purchases like beds, toys, play structures, outdoor equipment, and even clothing items.Perhaps most interestingly though, we can dive into the quality of goods we purchase for a pet. A number of publications state that millennials are increasingly more likely to purchase high-end food for their pet and more conscious of the ingredients they feed their furry friend. So the question should be asked, are we pampering our pets more than we pamper ourselves? What percent of people would define their pet 's bed as high-end but not their own? Do we spend more on grooming for our dog than we spend on self-grooming? And perhaps more concerning, who is willing to spend more on their pet than their own children?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Image is Everything  Idea Description: Image is everything. It 's something most of us have heard before. So, in the job search, how much of your image do you curate to show the best picture of yourself to possible employers? Do you clean up your Facebook page, or even your Instagram? Get professional headshots taken to use on LinkedIn? Are your headshots or photos on LinkedIn photoshopped to make you look better? How much did you lie on your LinkedIn page, or your resume/cover letter? (Since people don 't usually like to admit to lying, we can ask them things like if they 've had friends endorse them for skills they don 't really have or haven 't mastered, exaggerated their experiences on a resume/cover letter, etc) What about when you go in for an interview? Do you overdress, or dress to what you think is appropriate? Business formal? Business casual? And please, let 's survey on what the avg person believes is appropriate interview attire for men and women. (I\d love to do a quick survey of hiring managers asking the same) There 's a huge battle between generations on what appropriate interview attire is, and I\d like to settle it once and for all. Have you ever fudged the truth or exaggerated your experience during an interview? Has it come back to bite you in the ass? Or did you end up getting the job and learning it on the fly? Which is more important, image or experience, and how do those answers differ based on generation, gender, and maybe even income or industry?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bedtime Battle: Kids vs Parents  Idea Description: What would you say is your weeknight bedtime? It could be a range of times, but what 's that hard stop hour where you say I really need to be in bed by X because I have to get up tomorrow, Now, for parents, what 's their kids bedtimes, and how much time do the parents get to themselves in-between their kids going to bed, and themselves going to bed? What do parents do with that time? Relax, and take some time to breathe, and watch tv? Are they working, or getting chores done? Do they use that time for a quickie with their partner? Now, when is considered too late of a bedtime for different age ranges of kids, and how does that differ by the generation of the parent? Are millennial parents okay letting their middle school aged kids have a bedtime of midnight? Do they even give their kids a bedtime? On the weekends do the kids still have a bedtime? and if they do, is it the same time, or is it significantly later, bc they don 't have school in the morning? Are the kids allowed to have their tech in their room past bedtime? (I know a common practice is making kids leave their phones in either the living room or the kitchen overnight) Now on the flip side, do they themselves sleep with their phone in their room, vs is their kid allowed to? How many arguments have parents had with their kids over bedtime? How late do their kids want to stay up, and why? (Do the older kids want to stay up to watch adult swim?)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Buying Local/American  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore the impact that the pandemic has had on peoples perceptions of global vs local supply chains, food and product availability in times of emergencies, and other related aspects.Nobody (well, almost nobody) would argue that global supply chains dont have some pretty serious benefits, but they also have some notable downsides that have been highlighted by the Coronavirus. For example: difficulty sourcing N95 masks and global competition over them (Florida Dept of Health called out 3M for prioritizing an international order over Floridas), the fact that many of the medications we need are manufactured in China, or the viral images of wasted milk that had to be dumped because the supply chain failed.Many people have also noted that large business (walmart, Home Depot, etc...) have remained open and earned profits while small businesses have been shuttered, which is super unfair and shitty.So, for this campaign we would explore sentiment on these issues. How many people believe that were overly reliant on goods from out of our city/state/region/country? How many people changed their opinion on this because of COVID? What percentage of Americans believe that we should manufacture essentials (medications, food, etc...) here in America, and for what reasons? How many people believe that we need to support local business even more now since they took such a huge hit from Corovavirus quarantines?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: All in How You Say It  Idea Description: A piece I loved last year was this interactive quiz from the NYT - \Are you a democratic socialist https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/09/22/us/politics/what-is-democratic-socialism.htmlThe idea was rooted in the fact that 'socialism\ has a very negative context but that many more people agree with parts of it when they\re just answering quiz questions. For this campaign, let 's ask people two types of questions - in one section, we just ask them to rate how much they like or dislike different institutions or aspects of investing (so terms like stock market, mortgage lending, unsecured loan, etc). In another section, we have people read 2-3 sentence descriptions of those things but don 't name them (like for unsecured loan: Having the opportunity to receive money needed now that can be paid back gradually over time with additional interest) and have people rate how favorably or unfavorably they view those short statements.Bascially, you\re going to find that many terms are rated negatively but that many descriptions of those terms are rated positively, and this will be super interesting when broken down by gender/generation/politics/and income. This makes sense for a client like this, since their copy puts a super positive spin on merchant cash advances (which overall have a very negative sentiment in the media). We obviously wouldnt use terms so closely related to client offerings, but thats the general idea  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: STEM vs. Humanities  Idea Description: Sometime recently, I came across this brilliant poster from the [University of Utahs College of Humanities](https://www.google.com/search?q=humanities+vs+stem+meme&biw=1280&bih=714&tbm=isch&source=iu&ictx=1&fir=fK-O8hcZOIfcwM%253A%252CbIq3Mm7332VrKM%252C_&usg=AI4_-kSA9CRhnax4yQjJn9mcBtuISvoXew&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwic8_6t5e3fAhXLzlkKHUX4DW4Q9QEwAXoECAAQBg#imgrc=J07h72NSAnWmhM:). It reflects something I personally believe in (as memes do), and I think about it every time I hear someone drag the humanities through the mud and promote STEM as the end-all and be-all educational path. This happened the other day when I was in a coffee shop when some computer scientist was talking about his sobriety cryptocurrency startup. He was talking about how the humanities should be phased out, and how irrelevant they are. For this campaign, I would like to survey people who are in the humanities and in STEM to see what they think of each others role in society. Does one think higher of the other? Do people in STEM view it important to have some sort of background in the humanities to do their jobs well, and vice verse? Do people in STEM think that itd be a good idea to have this background for particular scenarios, like dealing with ethics of artificial intelligence (Im talking the kind that assists in court judgements, not terminator btw) or the history between two ethnicities when rolling out a social network in Myanmar? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Getting Noticed While WFH  Idea Description: With millions of people working remotely during these tumultuous times, its pivotal that employees implement strategies to keep their career on track, not be overlooked. In this project, lets survey 1,000 employees working from home to see if remote work is rendering them invisible. Have you gone out of your way to getting noticed by your boss? How frequently do you make yourself noticed? What methods have you employed to ensure visibility? Are you a proactive problem-solver? Do you communicate regularly? Are you initiating meetings? Whats the longest youve gone without seeing or speaking with members of your team, including your boss? From here, well split respondents into two groups, those who make themselves noticed and those who fly under the radar. Next, well ask questions surrounding employee-employer relations and whether theyve received a promotion and/or raise during this time. Whats more, we can measure employee confidence by communication habits to see if this strategy of being seen benefits their career.Since this client pays more on average, we can supplement these findings with employer/manager insights to see if making yourself noticed actually helps your career. Do managers prefer employees who try to stand out? Does it show that theyre engaged, productive, loyal? Are you more likely to have a favorable impression of these employees? Are you more likely to give them a raise and/or promotion?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Social Media Habits and Loans/Debt  Idea Description: *Edited this after Kristin 's comment to make the correlation more clear, and added a note at the bottom on how to execute this* I have a hunch that people who spend a lot of time on social media (looking at what other people have and what influencers are up to) are spending significantly more on things like clothes, makeup, restaurant food, alcohol, expensive experiences, etc. Let look into people behaviors with and attitudes toward debt and personal loans based on things like time spent on social media (pinterest, instagram, YouTube, etc.), following of fashion/beauty/celebrity/food influencers, etc. For people who spend a ton of their free time on these kinds of activities, how much more likely are they to take out personal loans? Take a longer than average time to pay them back? Be in a vicious cycle of debt? How much of their debt is going into the types of things theyre seeing on Pinterest and from influencers? Basically, it would be cool to see how today social media culture is influencing personal finances. Hating on millennials/gen Z would add a punch to this as well!**To execute this, we would ask people about the types of influencers they follow by category (fitness, food, makeup, clothing, celebrity, athletes, etc.), as well as which are the most important to them, and who they try to be more like in their own lives, and in what ways. I think we could definitely use scales to help us here!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Will You Give Up For Safety?  Idea Description: For this campaign, well find the consensus (or lack thereof) on what tradeoffs we should make in order to feel safe.A few examples of what I mean: If it prevents an attack, are you ok with the TSA checking your bag? Is it worth it to have an internet-connected security camera in your living room or bedroom? Are you ok with the government having the ability to access your phone records? Are you ok with social media companies sharing into with the FBI? Are you ok with the police carrying certain types of weapons? Are you ok with the NSA gathering literally every piece of data they possibly can?We 'll ask specific questions about the sacrifices that people are willing to make, as well as some general questions about the topic. Demographic breakdowns, such as gender, generation, and political party could be really interesting here, as well as urban vs rural.Not to get too theoretical with it, but this tradeoff is one of the fundamental cornerstones of government and society as we know it. You give up a certain amount of freedom/money/opportunity and you get a certain amount of security and safety back. Where those lines are drawn, however, is something where opinions differ significantly.Ben Franklin is often quoted as saying Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety. - How many Americans agree? Is it realistic in our modern world?  <|endoftext|>"
