"Idea Title: Living in Bed  Idea Description: How much time a week do we spend in bed? Between sleeping, watching tv, eating, and just chilling either reading on your phone, how much time each day do we spend in our beds, and how does that change based on if we have a regular workout schedule or not? whats the messiest food youve eaten in bed? Grossest stuff youve spilled on your sheets? Can we factor staining your sheets with period blood into this? How often do you wash your sheets, and how does this differ between people who do a lot of shit in bed vs they only use it for sleep and sex? Sex frequency and frequency of washing sheets? Do people who have sex frequently also eat in bed a lot? If so, how often are they washing those sheets? (IE are they having sex in the crumbs of those chips they had a few days ago?) Are people who are more sexually active in their own bed more or less likely to spend time not for sex or sleeping in it? Are people who work out less likely to spend time in bed thats not for sleep? Are they more likely to do productive things from bed like work or pay bills, compared to those who just relax in bed? For people who are in their bed for times other than sleeping, do they find it harder to fall asleep at night since they associate their bed with something thats not sleeping? Whats the sleep quality like of people who spend a lot of time in bed each day vs dont get in bed other than to sleep?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are Internships Worth It? (combine with below)  Idea Description: Lets run a survey of current and former interns (both paid and unpaid) if their most recent internship (or current one) has been worth it so far, and for former interns if it opened a door to a career in that industry. How much do they believe their time was worth, compared to the work they were doing for their internship?Were they learning actual skills, or getting coffee and organizing files? Would they tell current high school and college students to get an unpaid internship, or even a paid one? (some people say to skip paid internships altogether and just apply for an entry level position) How do Gen X former interns compare to millennials? How has the experience changed over the years? Did internships have a better payoff for Gen X and older millennials than they do for younger millennials? Also would be able to get a lot of first hand accounts from current and former interns on what the experience was like, and what advice theyd give to current prospective interns. In order to make it less negative we can get some positive experiences from others as well as best experiences from their unpaid internship. What were the high points? The skills learned, the friends you made, the connections you made? Along with more actionable stuff like internships are most worth it in X year of school, or only take an internship if they offer X  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Small Businesses'Ao Contributions to the Local Economy  Idea Description: According to the Small Business Administration, the United States has 28 million small businesses (defined as firms with fewer than 500 employees). Thats about one small business for every 20 people in the country.These small businesses employ nearly 60 million people, which means that one of every eight workers in the United States works for a small business.According to the SBA, small businesses also generate about 66% of new jobs annually in America. Since 2005, small businesses have also generated two out of every three net new jobs.A data journalist could look at the potential of small businesses to help local economies. They could look at the gross domestic product of local and state governments and compare it to the gross domestic product of small businesses.They could also look at job creation and unemployment rates in various local regions where small businesses are prevalent and compare them to regions where small businesses are not prevalent.In addition, a data journalist could look at the average job creation in the local economies where small businesses are prevalent and compare it to average job creation in the local economies where small businesses are not prevalent.A data journalist could use the number of small businesses and the number of jobs created by small businesses in a local economy as a way to measure how significant small businesses are to those local economies.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Soft Skills Super Survey  Idea Description: This campaign will be a deep dive into the topic of soft skills: which ones were good and bad at, which ones have the biggest payoff, which ones are easiest to develop (and how), and how boss soft skills affect employees.Skill development / benefits of soft skills - What soft skills do employees believe they already have? Which ones to they believe they need to develop further? Which skills do they believe have gotten them where they are, and which ones will take them further in their career? Which soft skills do the most successful employees have? Do employees whove put effort into developing their soft skills have better or more satisfying careers than those who havent?How companies reward/encourage soft skills - Which soft skills do employees believe their employer values? Which ones do they wish their employer valued more? Do employees believe their employer promotes or facilitates the development of? What soft skills do they believe their company is proficient or deficient in?Coworkers and supervisors - Which soft skills do employees believe help teams collaborate, get along, etc..? Which soft skills so they believe are essential for a manager/supervisor - of those, which do they believe their employer overlooks when promoting, and which do they believe their manager/supervisor is sufficient/deficient in? Which soft skills among bosses correlate to happier and/or more productive employees?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wrestling in Empty Arenas  Idea Description: Today, in the new normal that we are trying to get used to, everything has changed, and we have to get used to living without sports, which for many, is depressing. However, we see pro wrestling is swimming against the tide still. They are continuing with its weekly programming, which includes live shows inside an empty arena and an upcoming Wrestlemania. What are your thoughts about this? Are we witnessing the chronicle of a eventual cancellation, or will this be what we desperately need lately to cover the fact that we wont have sports anytime soon?Pro wrestling is fighting for our TV time for quite some time now, and it seems covid-19 wont stop them from continuing to do that, which is a sign of the times and that the show must go on. Lets survey 1000 people and find out what their thoughts are on this? Does it bother you it is in an empty arena? Are you giving it a chance now that we see our selves with extra time to watch TV? Lets throw some general questions too to learn what TV viewers like the most about pro wrestling. Are you hardcore or casual fan? Are you watching it because theres not much to do? What are your thoughts on women in professional wrestling? How does professional wrestling appeal to fans? Are you trying these wrestling moves at home now that theres not much to do? Do you think it is too gimmicky? Do you watch it for the story angles or the actual wrestling?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Forgotten America  Idea Description: J. D. Vance 's Hillbilly Elegy offered American 's a private look into one of America 's Forgotten communities. White Appalachia is made up of 12 states including West Virginia, Alabama, Mississippi, etc... but its troubles are often under-reported. Recent research has shown that Forgotten America is ripe with alcohol abuse, mountain dew mouth, and opioids. Let 's focus on just those 12 states and survey people from there. The quote below suggests that alcoholism is plaguing women at striking rates - let 's get demographic information. Who is drinking? What are they drinking? How much money are they spending? What are their kids drinking - are we able to draw a correlation between parents who drink in excess and kids with rotten teeth due to soda over consumption? Let 's also ask folks why they drank? Do they think living in a rural environment has anything to do with it - I can also see that being interesting. **Have we done a national study that we can use to compare Appalachia 's drinking behavior to the rest of the state. Alcohol continues to be the most prevalent and widely used and abused substance among Appalachian adults and is reported to be the primary reason for seeking substance use treatment in the region, surpassing drug abuse.Golfo K. Tzilos, Ph.D. --- https://labblog.uofmhealth.org/rounds/risky-bingeing-women-appalachian-ohio-report-higher-rates-of-alcohol-misuse  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fueling Food Delivery  Idea Description: As Americans are urged to stay at home, thousands of people have looked to food delivery services, like UberEats and GrubHub, to satiate their hunger. Lets conduct a survey of 1,000 people to examine consumer spending and habits with regards to food delivery during the covid-19 pandemic. Has cooking at home witnessed a sharp decline during covid-19? How often are people ordering food delivery? Are they supporting local businesses via food delivery? How many are ordering food late at night? What is the most popular food delivery app? Which app provides the best service during the pandemic? Has your food been by a driver not wearing a mask? What type of cuisine is the popular? What percentage of people have ordered alcohol? Next, well have respondents check their accounts and report the total amount theyve spent on food delivery since the onset of the pandemic. Are millennials spending the most? What type of food, or alcohol, are people splurging on? How much are people tipping, on average? Moreover, well survey a subset of food delivery drivers and ask them about their experiences during these times. What safety precautions are they taking? Are they concerned about catching covid but need the money to survive? How often do people forget to tip? Well use an open-ended response question to allow drivers to explain their experience in detail and showcase their stories on the LP.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Emergency Prep + Self-Defense  Idea Description: Personally, I'm not confident that, if someone were to break into my home or approach me in person, I\d be able to protect myself offensively or defensively, and that highly concerns me! Let 's survey 1,000 people about their confidence in this area, how confrontational they consider themselves to be, and the anxiety and paranoia that they feel with lacking self-defense skills. It would especially interesting to dive into generation and gender differences in these areas, like if men feel emasculated by their lack of confidence in this area and see how it stirs feelings of empowerment and strength for women. If we wanted to, we could also come up with a scorable quiz where wed ask what people should do in specific situations, like if someone approaches you in public, and then compare the average scores by gender and generation.For this campaign, let 's survey people about how prepared they are for various types of emergencies. Could they defend themselves against an intruder? Do they ACTUALLY know/remember how to do CPR? Do they know how to tie a tourniquet? Do they have a planned escape route from their house? Have they taken self-defense classes? We can break this down by demographics and potentially at past experiences. It would be a cool stat to say 70% of people have taken a CPR class, but only 20% are confident they could perform it correctly in a real emergency.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Birth Dates and Professional Athletes  Idea Description: There is theory that people born earlier in the year relevant to their sport have a better chance of becoming professional athletes. For example, a child born in October is born in the middle of the football season and therefore must play with the children below them. But the children they are playing with are likely smaller than them giving the older children an advantage. And this inherent physical advantage due to their age is then increased by coaches giving them special attention because of their size. Due to this special attention this older children then become more likely to go pro. This study looks at the birthdates of players from professional sports leagues. What are the most common months to be born by league? What sports have the most birthdays in a single month. There is a complementary theory that those professional athletes born later in the year are more likely to be star players or exceptional because they were able to compete and be chosen with those that were older than them. This study could additionally look at the star players in sports and see where their birthdays are in the year. Inspo: https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/why-athletes-birthdays-affect-who-goes-pro-and-who-becomes-a-star/A number of studies have already been done on this topic, but none of them have really created good data visualizations or have been written in our style.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The State of our Youth & Safety  Idea Description: The YRBSS asks a serious of questions to youth respondents in High School. For this idea we would tap into this US wide survey for a look at questions surrounding bullying, mental health, and a number of other safety related questions. We could go as deep with these questions and demographic breakdowns as we want, or keep it top level for a general look at safety compared to two years ago (these questions were asked in 2017 and 2019). Here we could form a number of callouts surrounding youth safety, and could create a robust piece for parents and publishers alike. This relatable topic would certainly invoke an emotional response with readers, as we feature callouts like; X% of high schoolers report being cyber bullied in 2019, a X% increase (or decrease) from 2017. Compared to X% being bullied at school.X% of high schoolers have have not gone to school in the past 30 days due to safety fears. X% of high schoolers have broken or damaged property on purpose in the past year. X% of those exhibit these characteristics.X% of high schoolers have been in physical fights, X-grade is most likely.X% of high schoolers report bringing a gun to school, X% more that have been bullied. Wed decode all of the data related to these topics and other interesting demographics, looking at not only the above, but so much more related to youth behaviors related to safety.  <|endoftext|>"
