"Idea Title: Suburban Boom  Idea Description: As the COVID-19 pandemic reshapes the way in which we work, tech leaders like Twitter have allowed their workforce to go full remote. This paradigm shift has sparked discussion on social media with many people wondering if others in their industry will weather the storm in their urban core or move out to the suburbs. This project will be a mixed analysis of U.S. Census Data and a survey of 1,000 employed Americans dwelling in urban jungles. By tapping census data we can visualize trends in people moving away from major cities over time, and filter results by age brackets and industry. These data will help readers and publishers, alike, to speculate on how the numbers will shift in the near future. Moreover, the survey component will ask a series of questions around sentiment remote work and moving. Potential questions may include/answer the following: -Has your company informed you on when youll return to the office? -Are you able to work remotely until 2021 or a vaccine is released?-If yes, have you contemplated moving to a suburb? -How many people have already moved?-What are the reason for people moving/staying in the city? (ex: cost of living, health concerns, family ties, etc.)-Which regions are the most attractive for moving?-Which citys suburbs are workers fleeing to?-How many plan to go from renting in a city to home-buying in the suburbs?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Home Buying/Selling Strategy During Pandemic  Idea Description: The housing market is a fascinating hotbed of speculation recently, as people try to anticipate the effects of the pandemic, the millennial demand of homes, as well as how the market is going to react a year down the line. In a Realtor.com article published this month, they talked about increasing median home prices, more homes on the market + eager buyers contributing to a resilient housing market. Recently on Forbes, three experts discussed how suburban areas around big cities will probably experience price growth next year, and how low interest rates might be here to stay to help stimulate the economy. With all of his information, lets survey 1,000 people in order to explore home buying/selling sentiment during this time, from their timelines on plans to buy or sell and worries keeping them back. Well target a mix of potential first-time home buyers as well as home owners. Well ask them questions about how the pandemic has affected their home-buying or selling strategies. For those living in an area with a resurgence of cases: is it delaying their timeline to sell? Are homeowners using this time to repair or upgrade their home in order to sell when the pandemic is over? Are renters even keener to buy in order to get out of dense areas? Are they seeing a higher number of homes in their area? How has the pandemic influenced their home-buying time table?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Disrupted Driving in America  Idea Description: I would love to not own a car or have any real need to drive places - it takes up time when I could be doing other things on a commute (namely, working/reading/streaming tv shows), is dangerous, and hasnt gotten any less costly for decades. Solutions like scooters and e-bikes have seemingly popped up overnight in techy major cities, but many of these places (New York, Barcelona) already had high volume mass transit. In most suburban places, public transportation is clunky and negligible; in most rural places, it non-existent.With all the disruptions to car ownership on the horizon (electric vehicles, ridesharing, electric scooters, Elon Musk tunnel), it hard to know what most people outside of a handful of large cities think the future of driving will look like. For this survey, let get 'Oi urban, suburban, and rural folks to tell us which methods of transportation they think will be viable over the long haul. Will everything eventually be electric or will some vehicles be gas powered forever? Do people think they will always need to own a car? What do they think about future generations? Do they think the industry needs to be disrupted right now, or are things ok as they are? We would look for the big differences based on where people live, particularly in what they want and in the barriers they see facing mass adoption.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Counting the Money  Idea Description: PIVOT: Managing the business effectively is vital for any business to succeed. But when business owners are just starting out, who are the boldest entrepreneurs? How many take it upon themselves to learn as much as they can about business management? How many take a course on business finance or go with an online self-teaching method? How many have no management background at all? How important do they think prior management experience is when starting a business? Where does it rank in priority to other parts of running a successful business? ave there been any dire circumstances because of how the business was handled? What lessons have they learned from managing a business? Managing finances effectively is vital for any business to succeed. But when business owners are just starting out, how do they go about handling the finances? Do they take it upon themselves to learn as much as they can about business finance management? Do they go straight to a professional to handle that right from the get-go? Did people start on their own then invest in a professional after a certain threshold was met? What obstacles have they faced because of the way they chose to handle business finances? Have there been any dire circumstances because of how finances were handled? What lessons have they learned from dealing with the financial part of the business?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Trans in the Workplace  Idea Description: Transgender employees in the workplace The richest sample of transgender employees in the United States can be found in the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. An investigation could look into workplace discrimination against transgender employees at any level of an organization including executives, managers, and entry-level employees. Title: Bias in the Workplace, Description: Many companies have adopted policies for protecting the rights of transgender employees. Title VII of the Civil Rights Act prohibits employment discrimination based on race, religion, gender, and more. Title VII provides recourse for federal employees and job applicants and an EEOC investigator examined the circumstances of job discrimination claims. The data compiled in this dataset could be used to try to answer questions such as: What are the demographics of transgender employees? If you are transgender, what is the probability that you will be unemployed? How often do transgender employees file complaints with the EEOC? What are the allegations based on each complaint? What industries and states show the most bias? What does this data tell us about transgender employees health, overall? A story like this could potentially educate employees, managers, and other people in organizations about the importance of protecting the rights of transgender employees.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Kind of Future Do You Want?  Idea Description: For this campaign, well survey people about their hopes, fears, and other expectations for the future.Well compile a comprehensive body of research on the topic and use that to ideate potential/likely/hypothetical future outcomes. To keep this grounded, well categorize using areas like medicine, energy, transportation, AI, biohacking, etc... and focus only on areas that are currently being pursued. I know that promo isnt into hypothetical stuff, so our goal will be to explore likely technological developments and not hypothetical sci-fi foolishness.Well ask questions like these about the outcomes of current research and development:What percentage of people want a future where they can: travel to mars, get genetically-specific medical treatments, power their home with a solar roof, take high speed rail cross-country, replace their hand with a robot hand, have an AI assistant in their home, etc...What percentage of people would be willing to: insert a chip into their brains, live under AI surveillance in exchange for safety, give up driving in the name of efficiency or safety, etc...Which future technologies are people most optimistic about? Which are they most fearful of? Which do people believe are the most and least likely? Which tech titans, types of innovators/influencers (businesspeople, scientists, politicians, etc..)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Eye Spy Roadway Stimuli  Idea Description: On my way to work, or anywhere really 'Ai From government owned highways to major roads on city streets or private roadways, in neighborhoods... How much stimuli in the form of text is being displayed to each person as we travel down the roadway? For this idea we would dig into this and display data that is brand new and never been collected. To do this we would video tape a drive for X-distance (we would decide this distance with the methods review team). Then, we would have someone go in (or use Microsoft API that does this) to find each instance of text, from cars with bumper stickers, road and hazard signs displayed for drivers, and advertisements on billboards and more..The goal would be to display static assets that talk about the amount of stimuli someone is exposed to while driving, and compare that to more typical things; How many social media posts would that text add up to? ...we would attempt to compare this to a number of different things, and extrapolate this. For example;On a 8 hour road trip (X-miles) you are exposed to XXXX pieces of text and roadway stimuli. On average Americans are exposed to X-number of things to read on their ride to work.Total number of signs, ads, etc...We could even do this as a time-lapsed video as well, to show this over time, similar to campaigns weve done in the past.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Profiting from Sin  Idea Description: Was suggested I repitch for Staance. I think we can spice this up focusing on profiting off of sin and who is most willing to earn a buck from other 's misfortune.--According to financial advisers commenting at AFR.com, Millennial investors are turning away from vice. With growing interest in ESG (environmental, social, and governance) and SRI (socially responsible investing) this may not be come as much of a surprise. But what do millennials define as vice or sin stocks and where do they draw the line? When it comes down to investing, does putting $1K in an ESG stock have a greater global impact than not investing $1K in a sin stock? Do millennial investors still believe that sin stocks are really recession proof?To discover more on this topic, we 'll survey 1K active investors to define their positions on ESG stocks to sin stocks. Which sin or vice stocks are perceived to have the greatest negative global impact? How are alcohol, gambling, tobacco, e-cigarettes, or firearm stocks compared? Where do you stand if a sin stock promotes environmentally-friendly practices (eg. AMBEV promising to reduce waste?) Where and when may you be willing to overlook your position on sin or vice stocks? Would you avoid these stocks even if they were foretasted to see enormous gains? And how do these positions vary by age or investment knowledge?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pharmaceutical Couponing  Idea Description: Drug coupons are a strange, complex, underreported, and yet ubiquitous part of the US pharmaceutical marketplace. They exist for several reasons - a pharmacy can offer one to undercut their competitors and still win out due to sales volume, a pharma company can offer one to undercut generic drugs once a patent lifespan has been exhausted, and insurers themselves can also offer coupons as an incentive for customers to choose one brand over other comparable alternatives (often due to a partnership between a drugmaker and an insurer).For this campaign, let use the GoodRx suite of APIs to pull all the information we possibly can on coupons (over 60,000 currently active on the site). We can look at things like average discount for a drug, whether different classes of drugs are discounted more heavily, whether coupons have seasonal trends, which coupons are the most valuable to the overall US population (largest discount per user, meaning we take total potential savings multiplied by scripts written for each drug in the US each year).Id have to spend more time with GoodRx to flesh out exactly all we could do with this, but I think it could be a really interesting look at a big part of the industry (think how often youve heard a pharm tech at cvs say let me see if there a coupon) that isnt often in the news.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Socializing Pre-K vs. College: A Face-off of the ages  Idea Description: There are a bunch of politicians in America today who are calling to make college tuition [free](https://berniesanders.com/issues/its-time-to-make-college-tuition-free-and-debt-free/) or at least [partially covered](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2015/01/08/obama-free-community-college/21466969/). But what about a year of schooling that isnt talked much about in the political-sphere: Pre-K? Research shows that it has many [benefits](https://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/fact-sheets/2005/06/15/why-all-children-benefit-from-prek) and sets children up for great success in the rest of their academic lives. For this campaign, we will ask 1,000 people if they would rather have tax payers cover for a year of pre-k or a year of college. Because according to [this](https://education.costhelper.com/pre-k-programs.html), pre-k can cost $3,000-$18,000 a year, which is right around the cost of a year of a public university. The twist of this campaign is that we would split the 1,000 survey takers, half of them being college students and the other half being parents. I think I know what the sentiment is going to be on each side, but lets actually quantify it. We can also see what might be skewing their beliefs, like asking each if they went to pre-school themselves or if they went to private schools their whole lives.  <|endoftext|>"
