"Idea Title: Leveling Up During the Time of COVID-19  Idea Description: We can take this a lot of different ways IMO. We can go more broad to include non-career related skills like cooking, language, art, etc.. OR we can go lighter on the COVID angle and simply measure new skills learned using online resources in the past month (opposed to as DURING COVID) if client is apprehensive here.---The availability of online learning resources is more robust than ever and career professionals are flocking to different platforms to pickup new skills. Online learning has been especially popular during the time of COVID-19, due to its effects.For this campaign, we 'll conduct of survey to explore what new career-related skills individuals are pursuing during this time, the platforms they are using, paid vs. unpaid resources, the most popular times to utilize these resources, how much time they have dedicated to learning, and much more. Using this data, we hope to uncover underlying motivations for pursuing new skills such as a change in employment or career as well how individuals believe these new skills may benefit them, such as a raise or promotion.On a broader level, we could also examine the argument some have made for and against winning quarantine which is the assertion that everyone should be improving career skills during this time, regardless of their individual situation or mental state.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: BRFSS Sleep and Depression  Idea Description: Lets explore people with sleep issues and their rates of Anxiety/dpression. Which demographic suffers from these two things combined, most? Which states have it the worst? Both of these are things that body logic treats so it would be related to their services. Questions we could focus on: On average, how manyhours of sleep do youget in a 24-hour period? <--- This could be a good segmenter/demographic we use to break things down. Over the last 2 weeks,how many days have youhad trouble falling asleepor staying asleep orsleeping too much?Over the last 2 weeks,how many days did youunintentionally fall asleepduring the day? Have you ever been toldthat you snore loudly?Has anyone everobserved that you stopbreathing during yoursleep?Over the last 2 weeks,how often have youbeen bothered by havinglittle interest or pleasurein doing things. Wouldyou say this happens...Over the last 2 weeks,how often have youbeen bothered by feelingdown, depressed orhopeless? Would yousay this happens' Over the last 2 weeks,how often have youbeen bothered by feelingnervous, anxious or onedge? Would you saythis happens' Over the last 2 weeks,how often have youbeen bothered by notbeing able to stop orcontrol worrying?Would you say thishappens'  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Woke for the Holidays (a.k.a. WOKE CHRISTMAS)  Idea Description: Is Christmas the most gendered, stereotype-ridden, and altogether least progressive major holiday in America? From boy and girl toys to racial stereotypes in old film favorites to the almost absurd creepiness of Baby, It Cold Outside (widely derided as the The Date Rape Christmas Song), Christmas is a time when even heavily-progressive Americans throw wokeness by the wayside in favor of willful ignorance in the name of nostalgia and comfort.For this (non-promoted, meaning we can totally cherry pick) campaign, let highlight the most and least woke examples of holiday movies, music, presents, etc. What Christmas movies break stereotypes with multiethnic casts, featured female players, or non-whitewashed plots? What Christmas songs focus on kindness, charity, and inclusiveness instead of dropping lines like, Baby its cold outside/ Okay fine, just another drink then / That took a lot of convincing! What children gifts are promoted as being equally for boys and girls without stereotyping either of them?In addition to entertainment, we could consider hitting on the truly insufferable Merry Christmas/ Happy Holidays debate, maybe tracking how different celebs offer holiday wishes on social mediaPrimerhttps://qz.com/864186/sexism-at-christmas-is-as-american-as-santa-sugar-cookies-and-caroling/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Side Matters  Idea Description: Inspired by: https://www.saatvamattress.com/blog/what-your-side-of-the-bed-says-about-you/ + https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/do-you-sleep-on-the-right-or-left-side-of-the-bed-study-claims-the-answer-reveals-a-lot-about-your-personality). Both studies are text-based with weak and/or dated methods. Lets dive into this topic to compare our results against whats out there as well as reveal new findings. Linked the most recent Infographic in the comments.Since weve experienced success with sleep and the career vertical, we can have an asset or two comparing right/left side sleepers against various sleep measures. Whos earning higher salaries? Whos more productive? We can explore job types, management positions, remote work, and more. We can also target relationship writers by administering questions to couples about how they decide who gets what side and the conflicts that follow. How does side preference affect personality type? Are left-siders more likely to be extraverts? Do the right-siders have more sex on a monthly basis? Whos more likely to wet the bed?? Additionally, we can present respondents with both real and hypothetical scenarios to see what they would forfeit in order to sleep on their preferred side of the bed.Alternately, we can cross bedside preference with mattress size and quality for extra takeaways.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Car Purchasing Nightmares  Idea Description: How many people totally regret their car purchase, and why? There are a lot of resources out there that warn you about buying a vehicle from certain sources, such as direct from an owner. There are also used car situations that should spark red-flags, financing scams, and all sorts of boot-leg loans being offered at car dealerships that can get you in trouble. But how many people go into a purchase and don 't ask the right questions? Vehicle history, prior accidents? How many people purchase a car because of an amazing deal, and it turns out too good to be true.? How many people felt tricked into add-ons, and ended up spending $XXXX more than they thought they would?Let 's survey people who have purchased a car that turned out to be less than desirable, or worse yet, a nightmare, after taking it home. How many thought a deal was too good to be true but purchased the vehicle anyway? What red flags did they see, but didn 't follow? We can also ask how long that person spent in the dealership, and what they ideally wanted to spend vs what they ended up spending. Right now, car dealerships are offering all kinds of crazy deals on cars due to the huge drop in sales during the pandemic. I feel like this project could be timely and provide actionable takeaways to help potential buyers navigate those deals and spot red flags.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Great Online Banking Debate  Idea Description: A moderately contentious discussion between the generations of my family is our opinions on online/mobile banking, including its utility, safety, and ease of access. While my siblings and I believe online/mobile banking to be a no-brainer, my Dad is starkly against it, and he continues to push us to do all banking in person, including keeping a tangible checkbook (he went out of his way to buy us them, even though we dont even really know how to balance them) and arguing that we should pay our bills with a check in the mail. Us young folk think his ideas are outdated and old school, and we insist on rebelling! Although in-person methods have been proven to work, were living in 2019 and have new banking methods that make our lives easier and save so much time. Let survey 1,000 people across generations to look at attitudes toward old and new school banking methods. What percentages of generations are still balancing checkbooks and paying bills that come in the mail? What percentages are doing banking on their computer and/or phone? How do the generations compare in levels of trusting online/mobile banking? What are their hangups/what are they skeptical on? How do generations perceive online/banking to be in terms of safety, utility, and ease of access? What misconceptions do people have about online/mobile banking?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Art of a Deal?  Idea Description: I just heard of Zoro for the first time 25 minutes ago and I already love them. Why? Because theyre from Buffalo Grove, Illinois, which is full of really nice normal midwestern people and 10 minutes from where I grew up. After doing a little digging, Zoros whole value proposition is that they sell the same things as big retailers except the price stays the same, there isnt weird math or discounting, and you can trust them. A 24 pack of batteries is $9.07 and thats not going to change week to week.Turns out this kind of price stability isnt true at all elsewhere -- prices of basic items fluctuate wildly on Amazon (see the screenshot I attached). For this campaign, lets look at basic products and how their cost has fluctuated over time - we can do this using API access to CamelCamelCamel, a website that monitors price changes on 250k Amazon products almost like stocks. We could look at products by different category and see things like -- which ones have gone up the most or down the most in the last few years, which ones spike ahead of holidays, etc. We wouldnt mention anything about zoro at all but just do a study of how the prices of products change all the time, using a great data source to back up the claims we make.Wed also get great takeaways like cheapest/most expensive month overall for certain categories.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Commencement Speech Analysis  Idea Description: Inspired by an asset from the Greatest American Speeches campaign (https://quote.com/blog/greatest-american-speeches-analyzing-influencial-discourses-history/), let 's follow a similar methodology to determine the best, worst, and most hilarious speeches given to date. To do this, let 's tap NPR 's Best Commencement Speech, Ever database which contains a hand-picked selection of commencement addresses going back to 1774.From here, we can create a meta-score using metrics such as readability, audience reception, length, advice, and sentiment to create an ultimate ranking of commencement speeches. We can run a text analysis via QDA Miner to determine the most common terms and phrases used when influential speakers address graduating students. The flesch-kincaid readability test will indicate the difficulty levels of the speeches, and perhaps, reveal the reading level of each oration. Additionally, we can conduct a survey or launch a classification task via MTurk to determine audience reaction as well as rate how actionability of advice preached.What 's the best advice given in a commencement speech? Which address won over the heart of college students globally? Who actually had the greatest commencement speech of all time? Let 's use data-backed findings to create a comprehensive study and unearth this information.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Seeking Solutions in The Office  Idea Description: Does group brainstorming work? Despite Osborns bold declaration that group brainstorming can increase creative productivity by up to 50% several decades ago, this may not be the case for many companies or individuals. Some people may feel crippled by social anxiety or general nerves in group settings. Others may feel they cannot concentrate in the midst of the noise.Others still need precisely the exact opposite environment to optimize their productivity. (This 2015 article from the Harvard Business Review discusses the drawbacks of group brainstorming: https://hbr.org/2015/03/why-group-brainstorming-is-a-waste-of-time)How do people in the workplace solve problems and pursue creative thought? How do these various forms of brainstorming work for different types of people? What are peoples biggest complaints with each method of creative brainstorming?We might be able to work in the concept of deep work into this idea 'Aimany people complain that they cant be creative because most employers dont recognize that creativity is partially dependent on having uninterrupted stretches of time to intensely focus. Theyre too busy excessively switching up what theyre doing throughout the day, catering to the whims of their coworkers and supervisors as the day goes on, and have no time to devote to problem solving.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: 2021 Health and Fitness Resolutions  Idea Description: What are the resolutions people are making for 2021 in terms of their health and fitness, and how many feel extra motivated by COVID-19 to get their health on track? Using a survey, lets explore what 2021 resolutions are in detail. Well differentiate between what people are planning on starting vs continuing, as well as more psychological goals such as learning to love exercise more, cutting down on stress eating, working on their consistency or incorporating exercise for better mental health. As for fitness goals, do they aim to get stronger, lift heavier, start running or continue to develop their running skills, take up yoga? How many are going to embark on more fitness-activities with family? Or center free-time and leisure time around physical activity? How many will be adopting healthier eating habits and how? (More grocery shopping, healthy meal delivery subscriptions, healthier take-out choices?). For those working from home - will it help or harm their goals?Well segment results by gender and generation, as well as overall fitness level. To add uniqueness, well ask people what their biggest challenges or roadblocks have been this year and see how strategies differ based on those challenges. This look will focus on goals and the actionable strategies people will be adopting to get them there.  <|endoftext|>"
