"Idea Title: WFH With Your Partner  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 people in active relationships to explore how couples are surveying wfh life together. What boundaries are set when working from home with your partner? Do you work in separate rooms? How is has your work been impacted since working side-by-side with your partner? Do headphones need to be plugged in for all meetings? Is broadcasting a show or music a big no-no? Does following a similar schedule help? How much alone time do you carve out for yourself? What morale-boosting activities do you implement to keep each other motivated? How many people have sex breaks (idk if this client is cool with these takeaways)? Are people more/less productive, motivated, engaged wfh with their partner? How many couples are arguing more frequently? Who 's on the verge of killing their partner? Has relationship satisfaction increased or dipped since transitioning to remote work? How do these measures vary between couples where both people are working vs. only one partner working? Are these partners limiting physical contact with each other to prevent the spread of germs? How many can 't wait to get back to work, and how many love the additional time with their loved one? What do people think about their partner 's work persona? Are they turned off by how they interact with their boss or colleagues?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Your Brain on Different Video Games  Idea Description: Using a similar methodology to the client 's project Future gamer we can use a survey and tons of research already out there on gaming piece together some cool biological stats on video game play, to see how different game types affect our brain and mood. The LP can be simple parallax of a person 's body, that shows fluctuations in heart rate, facial expression (mood) , brain, as well as other stats that pop up like scrolling sticky notes as viewers scroll through the various genres of games (with cool game backdrops behind them). For example, alpha brain waves, which are dominant during calm and meditative states. occur when players are playing games that make them feel chilled out (think Animal Crossing, Minecraft, or other chill games we can collect via survey). On the flipside, beta waves dominate a brain when players feel alert or attentive, (COD and other first-person shooter games). Violent video games can increase aggression according to a lot of studies, and in any game where someone might be killed or an immoral act is committed (GRAND THEFT AUTO), people can feel shame and guilt. The guilt response has also been shown to increase someone 's sensitivity to real things happening in the world, too. There are lots of cool stats like these that we can collect and prescribe to a game genre/type.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats your crypto salary breakeven?  Idea Description: How risk tolerant/willing would people be to have a portion of their salary come as cryptocurrency? For example, if you made $60,000, would you rather keep that income or take $45,000 USD and $25,000 in Bitcoin (at whatever valuation its at when the fiscal year starts) for a net of $70,000 total. You could end up with WAY more money, but you could also end up with a big loss and a big hit on your liquidity in the meantime. Does this vary by how much people make to begin with (for example, would lower income earners never take this option because their liquidity is already lower?). If that the case, what does it say about the heavily-touted democratizing of currency offered by blockchain?For the campaign, we could produce a bunch of cool assets that look at breakevens by gender, generation, and industry (Millennials on average would take 20% of their salary as crypto, but we can show as a scatterplot so you get a sense of the spread, and maybe color by income or gender so you can easily spot demo clusters within). We can also ask people how much more they would need to be paid to accept 100% of their salary in crypto, and we can also ask about established currencies like btc and eth vs super risky ICOs (so maybe 1.5x your salary if its an established coin but 5x your salary if it less stable)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Diagnosing Mental Illness  Idea Description: this one as well.Slide 8: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hGOFmCENQN_tCBfw63rUEldP2qHMcykMsH_hlpSWM-A/edit#slide=id.g3efbcbb689_0_17Row 5: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11dRlgldGH3jTKQ35bKrtQ6wLW8MQfRivX_cgJMc5Kew/edit#gid=4When I went to the doctor to inquire about whether or not I had anxiety, the exchange went something like this: So you\re feeling anxious? Ok here 's a prescription. and that was it.I didn 't see a psychiatrist or a psychologist, I wasn 't asked any real questions, and I walked out of the door with a prescription in hand. A few months later, when I asked for more the doctor said Well, is it not working enough? Ok here 's twice as much and that was it.So how often is that happening to other people? How many people on antidepressants, anxiety medications, adderall, and other mind-altering prescriptions have been properly diagnosed? Who prescribed it to them, and what questions did that doctor ask? How many people received their prescriptions/diagnosis from their GP and not from a specialist? What actually is a proper diagnosis and did I actually, technically get one? What percentage of people agree with me that it wasn 't quite enough, and what does the general population believe should be the process for diagnosing and prescribing drugs?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Voice Commerce Study  Idea Description: This will be a survey-based execution of 1,000 consumers who own smart assistants (e.g., Amazon Echo, Google Home, Apple HomePod) asking about their voice commerce behaviors. First, well identify the percentage of there consumers who use these devices to research products and prices, curate shopping lists, and complete orders. Next, well conduct a deep demographic analysis to examine buying behaviors between various consumers. Moreover, well follow-up with a series of question, exploring the nitty-gritty of the topic:-What product categories are being purchased via voice command?-How many consumers have asked their devices for product recommendations? -How often are consumers adding items to their cart but not following through with the purchase?-Have you reordered products using your smart home assistant? Additionally, lets inquire about the benefits of using these devices for purchases. Does voice search better help you find new products compared to your usual online search? Does your device remind you when its time to reorder essentials? Are these shoppers more satisfied with the shopping experience? For those who havent made a purchase via voice command: Are you concerned about disclosing personal/financial information to your device? Are you concerned about privacy/data issues?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mental Health Misconceptions and Stigmas  Idea Description: this since the client is open to more tangential stuff, and since I think we can pull it off in a similar way to the PTSD campaign. Feedback on initial idea is that it wasnt the right fit for this client.This campaign would survey people who have the most common psychological disorders about the stigmas, stereotypes, and other negative perceptions that they feel are unnecessarily associated with their particular disorder. How do the behaviors and perceptions of others affect the people who actually have the condition?Are people with schizophrenia frustrated at the common misrepresentation of their disorder? Are people with OCD absolutely fed up with neat freaks calling themselves 'Autotally OCD when they actually arent? What percentage of people with depression are sick of being told that they just need to change their attitude?We would ask specific questions for specific conditions, but we would also ask questions that we can compare between disorders, like: - How often do you feel like people understand your condition? - How often do you feel like people treat you differently because of your condition? - Who knows about your condition? - How much do you believe that your condition affects your ability to live the life that you want to?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Your First Professional Job  Idea Description: It could be interesting to survey people of different generations and who work in different industries about their first professional job experience and how it has impacted the rest of their career. Do they stay in the same industry? (For it to make sense, I think wed need to specify that this wouldnt include part-time first jobs or side gigs like babysitting, cashier, freelancing, etc.)For college grads, how long did it take to get had their first professional, full-time job and what age did they start? Was the job in the same industry they studied at school, and did they stay in that industry, or switch careers later in life? Which industries statistically have the highest paying salaries for a entry level, first job? Which industries saw grads getting jobs the quickest?Id also be curious how long they stayed at these jobs. Maybe some generations statistically stayed at a first job longer than others. It could also be interesting to have a excerpt of some tips people learned and took with them from their first jobs. Different generations may also be looking for different things when hunting for their first job. What was most important when accepting the job (pay, it being in their field of study, workplace culture, advancement opportunities, just getting their foot in the door, etc.)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fight or Flight with Finances  Idea Description: When it comes to money, a lot of people feel like its difficult to talk about because there are a lot of emotions that surround finances. If youre incredibly comfortable, you dont want to brag about it; if youre in a tough spot, you likely want to avoid the topic. But how do these feelings align when we look at peoples finances specifically? For instance, how many people practice complete avoidance when it comes to money discussions, and what does their debt to income ratio look like compared to someone who is more comfortable talking about finances? What about their financial profile overall? How many credit cards do people have who tend to be the most stressed about money? What about those who are least stressed--have they ever taken out a personal loan to help them financially? What about when people sit with their financial planners, what percent of the conversation extends beyond money into more personal topics? What financial topics cause the most stress--savings, salaries, medical expenses, student loans, etc? To tie it back in with Discovers request to make things more positive, we can ask respondents how they handle money stress effectively. How many people finally wrote down a budget and felt a weight lifted off their shoulders? What about finally meeting with a financial adviser?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: TVs or Zs  Idea Description: According to a 2008 NYT article By some estimates, half of American children have a television in their bedroom; one study of third graders put the number at 70 percent. And a growing body of research shows strong associations between TV in the bedroom and numerous health and educational problems.Children with bedroom TVs score lower on school tests and are more likely to have sleep problems. Having a television in the bedroom is strongly associated with being overweight and a higher risk for smoking. This project would look into parents perceptions of things they allow their children to have in their bedroom like TV 's, gaming systems, computers/laptops, etc. How do the presence/lack of these items affect their child 's sleep or how do parents THINK these things affect their child 's sleep? Does this differ by demographic? Number of children? Age of children? Do parents who let their kids have tv 's in the room report their children as more fatigued/groggy in the mornings than those without? Which group is more active? Better grades? Do parents check on their kids after they go to bed to see if they are up watching tv/gaming/online? How often do they catch them still up? Do they think the content they watch is keeping them up as much as the fact that they are watching at all?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Why are offices still a thing?  Idea Description: Repitch from Paychex - originally had all 4sI had an old coworker argue, pretty convincingly, that tech companies only still had permanent offices to a) show off or b) because we suffer from a cultural norm of thinking we need to be in an office most of the time. The latest American Community Survey data placed the average US employee commute to work at 26.4 minutes each way. Scaled up, it in the neighborhood of 220 hours per year commuting (or the equivalent of over 27 8-hour workdays). This fact, combined with improvements in telecommunication and the global nature of many businesses, would seem to make the idea of a physical office for many companies should seem increasingly obsolete.So do people think they still need offices? If so, why? If not, what do they think would be the major advantages of everyone just working from wherever. For this study, let give the same survey to two groups - 500 FT office workers and 500 FT remote workers. Wed get data on industry/demographics/etc, then ask about the pros and cons of their respective work situations. Id imagine most remote workers will insist it a good idea and that many office workers will also feel it a good idea (but they just dont do it), which begs the question, Why are offices still a thing?'Au  <|endoftext|>"
