"Idea Title: Fitting In At Your New Workplace  Idea Description: We have all been there before. Feeling like the new guy can last a couple of weeks or maybe even a few months, especially if it 's your first job out of college. After some time, you feel more settled with your new role, peers, and responsibilities. You get to understand how the company works, and find out who does what. So, by that time, you should already know whether you feel identified with the company 's culture or not. Maybe you thought you did from the first interview you had before you got hired, or perhaps you believe you are struggling in that department. Whether you prefer to analyze things through before giving your opinion while your team thrives at a faster pace or, perhaps, you prefer team collaboration in every project, but your co-workers are always into their own work with headphones in. For whatever reason, what do you do to fit into your new workplace culture? Do you feel you are a good fit? What is lacking in your job 's culture? What should you do if you\re not a good culture fit? For this campaign, let 's survey 1000 employees from different levels to get their perspectives about workplace culture. We could compare how important is it for recent graduates to fit into their new job 's culture vs. how people who 's been working for a while feel about fitting in.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bedtime Stories in the Modern Age  Idea Description: How many parents are still reading their kids bedtime stories, and at what age do they stop reading their kids bedtime stories? Are moms more likely than dads to read to their kids? Instead of bedtime stories are parents playing audiobooks or youtube videos for their kids? Do they read them from real books or from tablets? Or do they just tuck their kids in and expect them to go to sleep right away? With the tech angle, are the kids allowed to play with their phones/tablets right before bed? What time do they need to put down the devices, or do the parents not regulate it? Whats the most common bedtime story adults still tell their kids? Do they read actual books to them or do they make up stories for their kids? How often do they tell/read their kids bedtime stories? If they dont read them bedtime stories, why not? How is this related to how connected they feel to their child? How acceptable is it to parents of different ages to do each of these to get their kids to sleep? (reading from a tablet vs book or putting on a youtube video vs singing them a lullaby, etc) How late do parents stay up on their devices after their kid goes to bed? If the parents were read bedtime stories as a kid are they more likely to now read them to their own children?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Amazon Ambivalence  Idea Description: Two day shipping, a huge variety of products, and not having to leave your house are undeniably awesome. However, most people feel at least somewhat guilty about ordering too much on Amazon. Whether it 's the packaging, the environmental costs of shipping, their corporate practices, or their harmful impacts on local/small businesses and economies, there are plenty of downsides to consider. There 's also the fact that we\re on a weird trajectory towards sitting around all day while low-wage workers and robots manufacture and mail us an endless supply of stuff.So for this campaign, we 'll explore people mixed feelings about retailers like Amazon, food and grocery delivery services, and other stay home and it shows up services. How many people worry that they\re staying home too much? How many people worry about reduced social interaction in the future? Are people expecting a future where we leave the home even less? Is something lost when you\re not stopping at the farmer 's market or being a regular at the shop down the street? How many people feel guilty about ordering mostly-empty boxes, fuel costs for all those single-item shipments, and other environmental impacts? How many people are aware of (and how do they feel about) labor practices at places like Amazon, Uber, etc..?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Spending on Sleep  Idea Description: How much have you spent on your bed? Not just the mattress, I mean the pillows, mattress topper, sheets, all of it. I recently found out that nice pillows and sheets are much more expensive that I thought they were, and Im wondering how much in total weve spent on our bed. How many people bought used mattresses or bedding to save money? How many would in the future?To add onto that, how many people only have one set of sheets? Where are people buying their mattresses, bedding and lines, and how much are they okay with spending on them? Would millennials rather just order everything online without feeling it or testing it out? How many people still actually go to the mattress store, test them out and bring them home that day, rather than having them delivered, or buying them online? Do people care if their sheets are made out of pure silk, or what the thread count is? How much do people care if their bedding is sustainable made or organically sourced? (A lot of bedding thats made of cotton is now marketed as such) How much is too much to spend on pillows, sheets, and whatnot? Do people want bougie beds or are they okay with bargain brand bedding? How many married couples got into fights over what mattress to get, or fought over how much to spend?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Drug Recall Price Rocket  Idea Description: F&F is all about representing people allegedly harmed by recalled drugs or medical devices, so lets take a look at this! To pivot from previous ideas, lets focus on drugs that have been recalled in the last few years and look at how the recall affected their prices (recalls almost always mean the product will cost more) -- We would frame the whole thing as they made the mistake but youre paying the bill, ESPECIALLY for these drugs.Its easy to get data on all the drugs that were recalled, and we also already have 10 years worth of data on what they all cost year-to-year (via the medicaid prescription data api/scraper we just made) -- basically, we would look at drugs that underwent large recalls and see which ones had the biggest spike in price later on, then call out the most shocking numbers. Everyone hates when pharma companies avoid consequences, so we would try to single out instances where the cost of a faulty drug (thats still necessary to a segment of the population, so its not like they can stop taking it the way youd stop going to Chipotle over bad meat) was passed onto consumers. We could even use a formula to estimate how many people are on that drug in the US (you base it on medicaid public data) and calculate a number for Recalls Consumers Paid the Most for  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Quarantined With Pets  Idea Description: We all saw the stories about animal shelters and rescues literally running out of animals for adoption due to a huge surge in demand during the pandemic. For this campaign, let 's survey pet owners about quarantining with pets. We 'll include people who already had pets prior to the pandemic and hopefully try to get a sample of people who have gotten a pet since March. We also probably should include a small group of people who don 't have pets as a control group so we can compare pet owners vs. non-pet owners in terms of stress, anxiety, etc. We can look at how pets have impacted mental health and stress -- have they been comforting to people during the crisis? Or was acclimating to a new furry friend added stress in an already-stressful situation? Did the need for walks and potty breaks add anxiety for pet owners -- was it difficult to social distance? How many pet owners made contigency plans for if they caught the virus and suddenly became unable to take care of their pet? If we want to try to target more pet-centric sites, we could also include an angle on pet behavior during the pandemic. How difficult was it for pets to adjust to their owners being around all the time? Did owners\ patience run thin having their rambunctious pet confined to a small space with them?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Vulnerability Alerts  Idea Description: I want to resubmit this idea in consideration of the client 's feedback on ideations. This is a somewhat more out-of-the-box execution but I believe it fulfills a lot of the client 's requests. New source will help.--The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) provides a database of known technical vulnerabilities for any consumer product. This includes anything from iOS to social media apps to your Playstation 4 or even your printer.Using this expansive database we 'll analyze which types of hardware and software are most vulnerable to malicious activity. The information can seem technically complex but the takeaways could reveal interesting and important information regarding historical security risks.What is the average vulnerability score (a metric that determines the potential security risk) by product? What is the most common means by which these vulnerabilities occur (network)? How have vulnerabilities increased or worsened over time? Does iOS or Android have more vulnerabilities? And what is the possible risk of these vulnerabilities. For example, Allows unauthorized disclosure of informationAllows unauthorized modificationAllows disruption of serviceView a vulnerability for WhatsAPP: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2019-3571  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hiring Truths (Remote Edition)  Idea Description: Call me naive, but it honestly didnt occur to me before working here that people regularly begin jobs with companies that arent located where they are (not freelance or contract but full-time positions). For this campaign, lets reboot some of the ideas from our original hiring campaign but do a split survey - 500 hiring managers who hire remote full-time employees and 500 full time remote employees who were hired remotely. Id want to specifically screen for managers/employees who never did an in-person interview for the job.We could accomplish 3 basic things here:- A general survey that informs people looking for remote full time jobs how those hiring managers operate - the kinds of answers they look for, skills they value, backgrounds they value, etc- We could compare these 500 hiring managers to our data from the general hiring survey (by including a set of exactly-matched questions in the new survey) to point out the biggest/most key differences between the two forms of hiring (i.e., what are the biggest differences in managers from the new survey vs the old one)- A basic survey about the demo makeup of remote full time workers who begin their jobs remotely and never interview in person - Im genuinely fascinated and curious about what this group is like  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Millennial Credit Card Craze...or Lack Thereof  Idea Description: Between PayPal, Venmo (and now a Venmo credit card) CashApp, Zelle, Apple Pay, and so many other virtual forms of payment, could the physical credit card be soon distinct? You can now even link your Venmo account to Hulu and other sites for online payment, instead of entering sensitive credit card information. For this study, we can examine millennials perceptions behind using a credit card versus a digital payment, see how they feel about each type/what theyre using it for, and maybe how much of a decrease there has been over the years (break it down by millennials in their 20s and 30s, and even which states are more drawn to physical credit cards versus digital). What are the reasons for being drawn to a credit card -- to increase your credit score? To take advantage of the perks? Do the perks even matter when compared to the easy accessibility of Venmo or Apple Pay? With millennials now becoming the forefront of the financial world, they are becoming more experienced in virtual payments and have less and less knowledge on credit card usage. Companies are getting super creative in order to bring in consumers -- Amex has recently teamed up with Coachella in order to offer their members amazing perks, anywhere from access to the Uber priority lane to complimentary food.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Gen Z Wants in a Car  Idea Description: Response to feedback: I think this could be pivoted to focus more on finding solutions to improve young peoples interest in driving as well as the aspects of car ownership they find most appealing.---Popular headlines suggest that Gen Z (and even Millennials) have a rapidly declining interest in driving. According to the WSJ, only a quarter of teens had their drivers license in 2017, a sharp decline from decades prior. But what is fueling this rapidly declining interest? Is it purely financial? Is there a safety element? Maybe even an environmentally conscious component? And most importantly, what do young people need to see from the automotive industry to increase their interest in driving?To find out, well survey 1K individuals with a sufficient sample of Millennials and Gen Z. When did they get their license? Was it out of necessity or a want to drive? What factors most contribute to an aversion to driving? Is there any association between negative experiences learning to drive and not wanting to drive in the future?Most importantly, well explore what younger generations would like to see change with the automotive industry to improve their interest in driving. Does the idea of owning a self-driving vehicle make the idea of car ownership more appealing?  <|endoftext|>"
