"Idea Title: Couples Car Buying  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would dive into the ins and outs of purchasing a vehicle as a couple. As someone who recently went through this wonderful process, I can attest to the fact that there 's plenty to talk about here, from the initial discussions to signing on the dotted line and driving away:Possible topics:Setting a budget - How do couples negotiate the budget? Do they consider their combined income? How often do they disagree about what a car should cost? how about new vs used?Managing priorities - How do couples decide between competing priorities and weighing those out. How do men and women compare when it comes to considering factors like safety, power, reliability, aesthetics, etc..Negotiating - Who negotiates with the dealer? Is it a combined effort, or does one partner typically take the lead? What percentage of men and women trust their partner to negotiate the deal for them?Paperwork - Who signs, co-signs, etc..? How does willingness to assist with co-signing, downpayment, etc.. vary between relationship lengths, etc..?Relationship length - How does the relationship dynamic play into this? What does the timeline look like on the transition from it 's my money and my car, I 'll do what I want to we\re making this purchase together  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What You Did With Savings Accumulated During COVID  Idea Description: U.S. savings rate hits record 33% as coronavirus causes Americans to stockpile cash, curb spending - CNBC----In a previous Fractl study, we found a large percentage of individuals have been able to save more money than usual as a result of effects from COVID-19. While this is certainly not the case for everyone, it would be interesting to explore how different generations may be planning to spend (or not spend) these additional savings. Will remaining fears around employment and the economy motivate Americans to continue stockpiling money in the event of an emergency? Or are Americans eager to reinvest these additional savings into investments, small businesses, or other important purchases?Well survey 1,000 people across main generational demographics who have been able to save more since the time of COVID.To what does each generation attribute their ability to save more during COVID? Is it purely money they would traditionally have spent going out? Are they purchasing less? How much more have they been able to save? What are their plans for these extra savings? What are their financial goals? How many will save vs. invest vs. use for a future home down payment/auto loan/etc.? Perhaps they might even be considering charity or supporting businesses in need?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Advertising Your Location  Idea Description: When I started using my Apple Watch, I was pretty excited for all of the tracking features on it that would help me more accurately track my runs and workouts. However, Ive noticed that its always tracking my current location, and it even asks me if Id like to share my info with other people. In fact, a research project by Princeton University concluded that our GPS tracking on our phones, which compiles a history of all of our locations, can be hacked in a nearly indetectable way. People wouldnt even know if someone was trying to figure out where they live...Between our wearables and social media, tagging your location, as well as location tracking via gps on your Iphone, its becoming easier and easier for people to find you. How many people are advertising their location across all possible venues? Even when theyre on vacation? How many believe location advertisement is a security risk at all? Using a survey, lets explore location and personal security habits across technology, as well as gauge peoples sentiment on how much they think theyre at risk, or if they care at all? https://www.wired.com/story/google-location-tracking-turn-off/https://www.techrepublic.com/article/your-smartphone-can-be-tracked-even-if-gps-location-services-are-turned-off/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Crypto Monte Carlo  Idea Description: People put an enormous amount of effort into figuring out which ICOs will blow up, but what if you just chose at random and hoped for the best? How many random coins would you have to buy to get your probability of a profit over 50%? 75%? And what the optimal point (how many currencies would you need to buy/diversify with to max out your probability of a profit)In the immortal words of Astronaut Mark Watley/Astronaut Matt Damon, we can science the shit out of this question. Using historical ICO data at https://www.icodata.io/ICO, lets use a simulation method to figure out the odds. Here is a fun, zero-math intro to how it would work https://towardsdatascience.com/a-zero-math-introduction-to-markov-chain-monte-carlo-methods-dcba889e0c50Basically, we could calculate things like average number of cryptos youd need to buy at the time of icos to have y% chance of breaking even, we could figure out historic months where the odds were highest or lowest, we could look at each coin and figure out when it peaked/ what was the best time to sell, etc. This could also be an interactive but since were avoiding that, we can just do all the math on our end and make static assets (MCMC models are surprisingly easy to make when the data is as robust as this ICO database)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Beats Make You Sweat?  Idea Description: Some people are able to get in a solid workout without headphones or music -- I simply cant relate. If there no music blasting through my headphones, my motivation goes down the drain. Music is probably the biggest motivator for me in the gym and Im sure it is for others. Itd be neat to research the impact music has on peoples workouts -- by generation, age and music preference. We could survey 1,000 regular gym goers (people who go to the gym at least 3-4x a week) and ask about their music preference in the gym (if any), top artists and genres, what kind of workout is performed (cardio, weights /heavy or light) and how their performance does in correlation to the beats played in the gym. What kind of music genres pump most people up? Does it affect the quality of your workout? How loud does the music have to be in order for it to have an effect on the quality of your workout? How long do these workouts last? Do most people keep the same genre of music throughout an entire workout or is shuffle preferred? What type of music do Gen Xers prefer to listen to while lifting weights? What type of music do Millennials listen to while doing cardio? All of these are intriguing questions that can easily be correlated to the quality of performance in the gym.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Performance and Morale After Company Reviews  Idea Description: Lets explore how employees are handling their company reviews, the topics covered, how the reviews were conducted and what the resulting affects were. What percentage of employees actually felt motivated to work harder after their company review? What type of feedback do they find motivating, and did they find their critiques constructive? Did they receive specific feedback, and was it a 360 review or just a review by supervisors? Are end-of-year reviews generally less effective and motivating than quarterly? On the flipside, how many employees found their review demoralizing, and why? What kind of feedback leaves employees feeling demotivated, and what do employees wish went differently in those reviews?Well look at the breakdown of what reviews this year covered: Remote work productivity, creativity, efficiency, attitude/morale, engagement, COVID-19 hardships, etc... We can compare this by gender and job level, as well as morale and job satisfaction, motivation, and productivity. For this project, well survey employees who have had their company reviews to see what type of feedback is effective, what kind of feedback is motivating/demotivating, and capture interesting stats like how many employees are looking for new jobs because of their review.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: SBA Disaster Loan Analysis  Idea Description: Using SBA data from 2001-2019 lets look at disater loan relief for businesses overtime, mapping out major storms and disasters that may have impacted this We can look at areas that have filed the most claims over time, the most expensive claims, whether their loan covers the entire cost of verified losses ( or what % of loss is usually covered by loans) Heres the column headers available. City location of the damaged propertyZip Code location of the damaged propertyCounty/Parish location of the damaged propertyState Code location of the damaged propertyTotal $ amount of losses verified by SBA$ amount of Real Estate losses verified by SBA$ amount of business Content (inventory, machine and equipment, leasehold improvements, etc.) verified by SBATotal $ amount of approved SBA disaster business loan$ amount of approved Real Estate loan proceeds$ amount of approved business Content loan proceeds$ amount of approved Economic Injury (working capital) loan proceedsWe can even compare some of the SBA loan amounts for covid https://www.sba.gov/sites/default/files/2020-06/EIDL%20COVID-19%20Loan%206.21.20-508.pdfand see if covid is having similar effects on loans/businesses in terms of financial loans needed as disasters  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is the American Dream Dead?  Idea Description: The American Dream is a national ethos of the United States. Its a set of ideals that insinuates with freedom includes the opportunity for prosperity and success. In this project, lets survey 1,000 people, including small business owners, to see if the American dream is still alive and well. Given the domain this study will live on, well primarily focus on the small business/career angles. Does achieving the American Dream entail owning a business and breaking from the 9-5 workday? How many feel starting a business is feasible amid the pandemic? Is the American Dream slanted towards American-born citizens? Are minority groups at a disadvantage when it comes to achieving the dream? Among current small business owners, how many believe theyre living out the American Dream? In addition to the career angles, well have respondents rank owning a business along with other elements such as having access to quality education and healthcare. How do people define the American Dream in 2020 (one of the strangest years in recent history)? It will be interesting to examine this through the lens of Gen Z. Overall, do Americans feel like the American Dream is dead? Lets breakdown results by generation and political affiliation to generate newsworthy takeaways.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Microaggressions at Work  Idea Description: Inspired by this Forbes article: https://www.forbes.com/sites/stephaniesarkis/2020/06/15/lets-talk-about-racial-microaggressions-in-the-workplace/#36a2afa5d283.--This will be a survey-based execution of 1,000 employees, with representative samples of various racial/ethnic groups (no white folks), to explore microaggressions at work. Microaggressions are defined as \brief and commonplace daily verbal, behavioral, and environmental indignities, whether intentional or unintentional, that communicate hostile, derogatory, or negative slights and insults to marginalized individuals and groups.\ Let 's pose the question to respondents: Have you experienced a microaggression at work within the past year?Next, we 'll dive deeper to examine the impact of racial microaggressions as they relate to job satisfaction, employer loyalty, motivation and engagement. In what forms (microassaults, microinsults, microinvalidations) did you experience? How many employees attempted to educate their co-workers on the topic?Finally, we 'll have respondents tell us, in detail, about the experience and how it affects their experiences and perceptions of the workplace. We can feature their stories on the LP to connect readers on an emotional level.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mitigating Alcohols Negative Effects on Society Through Citizen Wallets  Idea Description: Scotland recently ruled to set minimum alcohol prices in efforts to curb alcohol-related fatalities and societal disruptions. In America, many states and cities have additional taxes for the purchase of liquor on the consumer end. Some experts, advocates, and political figures are proposing it 's time to raise the liquor tax again or set some sort of additional fee for purchasing.Let 's explore American opinions on this subject. Somewhat unrelated/alternate project: I found this quote in Vox while researching for this idea : David Roodman, a senior adviser and researcher for the Open Philanthropy Project. Roodman analysis found that the literature on this topic is large, and that the preponderance of the evidence says that higher prices do correlate with less drinking and lower incidence of problems such as cirrhosis deaths. Most importantly, he concluded that a 10% price increase would cut the death rate [from alcohol-caused diseases by] 9-25%. For the US in 2010, this represents 2,000-6,000 averted deaths/year.'AuMight be cool to collect studies on this topic and visualize how states with minimum/no consumer-facing taxes and fees compare to ones that do when it comes to alcohol-related detriments in society  <|endoftext|>"
