"Idea Title: Sports Game Attendance and Priorities  Idea Description: The other day, my dad (a DIE HARD Gator fan) vented to me about his aggravation with struggling to balance his daily working life with the home game schedule. With his true devotion to the team, and the fact that theyve had 3 home games week to week to week, he been giving up his work schedule to drive 6 hours to Gainesville in an RV each weekend so he can tailgate and support his team in person. In turn, his work tasks have been piling up in insane numbers, causing him a ton of stress, and he blames the Gators for not spreading out more home games so people can still maintain their lives. Let survey people about how they feel about balancing their work schedule/lifestyles/relationships and traveling to live game events. I think well find that for stadiums that are in cities where many fans dont particularly settle down (i.e. Gainesville), people are less willing to go to games, and game attendance shoots down. How do fans prefer that teams schedule their home games? How many hours of travel to a stadium is too much to give into? How much are sports fans willing to let their yearning to go to games get in the way of other priorities that deal with work/families/relationships? Calling out specific teams would be great for this!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Say What Now?  Idea Description: I talk in my sleep. Sometimes its a just a few words, and other times Im pretty much trying to have a conversation. Does it ever make sense? No. Does it annoy, confuse, and sometimes even scare my wife? Yes.For this campaign, well explore the experiences of people like me and the loved ones whove had to put up with it. Ive had full, nonsensical conversations with my befuddled mother. Ive tried to swat the nonexistent ants off of my wifes face. Ive been convinced that a pile of clothes was a person and then tried to talk to it.Among the specific angles that we can explore are:The basic facts - How many people, how often they do it, how much do they say, etc...What its like being a sleep talker - Is it embarrassing, do people who have it worry about freaking out romantic interests who spend the night, have they tried to stop it (and how), have they ever gotten themselves in trouble (ex: saying something they didnt mean to).What its like living with a sleep talker - Is it funny/weird/scary/annoying/disruptive? How big of an impact does it have on their ability to sleep? Has it ever made them angry? How do they handle it (tell them to wake up, play along for fun, etc...), does their partner even remember doing it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: First Card x Financial Health/Savviness  Idea Description: A common complaint among millennials is that they wish they learned more applicable skills in high school. A breakdown of credit card use seems much more valuable than spending 3 weeks on meiosis, right? Some parents take this education into their own hands and share financial knowledge with their kids early on in their lives. This project would look into when people got their first credit card and compare that to their current financial health. Would you assume that kids who get credit cards in high school messed up their credit early on and are now deep in debt? Or are they more likely to be financially secure because they learned how to budget and pay off their credit card earlier in life? What % got their own credit card? What % of parents gave their kid access to their account so that the kid can build their credit? Do any parents regret giving their kid access because they abused their privilege? What % of parents wish they gave their child more knowledge about credit cards early on? Do people who waited until college or later to get a credit card actually doing more damage than good because they have little to no credit for major purchases? Are men or women more likely to get a credit card sooner in life? How has it impacted each?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Paid leave for periods?  Idea Description: **maybe not for joblist, but could work for another health cllient.I just found out that countries like Indonesia, South Korea, and Zambia give people extra time off each month for menstruation - and it doesnt dip into their sick time. In South Korea, you even have to be paid out for the period leave you dont use. Damn. Imagine the extra cash Id have at this point in my career if this happened in America!!!!! Thats one way to help narrow the pay gap.Lets survey professionals and managers about their views on this controversial topic. Should people get more days off/WFH time for having a period? Should employers, especially to lower income groups, be required to provide supplies to their workers? Do these kinds of policies honor women, or reinforce stereotypes that are weak or need special treatment in the workplace?We could also use this campaign to explore peoples experiences with work, menstruation, and menopause. How many people are pushing through debilitating symptoms because they have no vacation time, or because they dont want to fall behind or appear weak? How many have hidden tampons in their pockets or sleeves walking to the bathroom at work, even though there shouldnt be anything to be embarrassed about??  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Debt Denial (yes, well probably have to change this title for the client)  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would explore people 's perceptions about their own debt and how those compare the averages. How accurately can people gauge their own debt health in comparison to the rest of us? How many people have an accurate perception of their debtIt would be all about perceptions of debt: how people perceive their own debt, what their beliefs are about the debt of others, how they perceive different amounts and types of debt, and ultimately how that all compares to the real averages.Similar to our dating debt campaign, where we asked about acceptable amounts for a romantic partner, we would ask people to judge, rate, and compare their own debts in comparison to others.How many people believe that their credit card debt is not too bad or just about average and are they right? How about people who think they have way too much? What percentage of people believe that they\re doing much better/worse than the rest of us? How many people feel guilty about having a certain type/amount of debt when it 's actually lower than most? How would people judge others for various types/amounts of debt, and how does that vary based on the debt that they themselves are carrying? These questions are just scratching the surface  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ignoring Mental Health Issues  Idea Description: It doesnt always require a dramatic event to justify treating mental health issues. Sometimes the changes are gradual, and can be easily fought off or ignored. As long as we are basically functioning, were ok, right? However, a 2019 report form Blue Cross Blue Shield reports that depression diagnoses are on the rise, especially for Millennials. When COVID-19 broke out and imposed lock-downs and social distancing, mental health became even more of an issue for people around the world. But are people addressing mental health right now, or ignoring it? With employment turmoil, new restrictions on life as well as a fear of leaving the home, how many are simply putting off a mental health practice? Using a survey, lets look at how ignored the issue of mental health is right now, the reasons keeping people back from seeking therapy/counseling, and how may people used COVID-19 lockdown to start addressing their mental health more seriously. For those with mental health regimens, what do they find to be the most sustainable and approachable? For those who are not addressing their mental health to the fullest extent, what areas of their life are being affected (physical health, relationships, work/productivity, creative work, etc...).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Getting Started From the Ground Up  Idea Description: **I did a project last year for Paychex that explored small businesses. A minor section asked how they funded their businesses. I think exploring the topic of funding for business would yield interesting results and give a great opportunity to tie back to the clients domain FundRocket. ** For this campaign, we would explore how businesses got their funding to go from idea to startup. We could find out how they got funding whether it was via family (and who in family gave them the loans - are moms funding dreams more than dads?), self-funding, small biz loans, traditional biz loans, crowdsourcing websites like IndieGoGo, Kickstarter, GoFundMe, etc. With all the different types of loans out there for business, which are the most commonly used? (short vs. long-term, SBA loans, equipment loans, invoice financing, etc.) How difficult was it to get the funding (is going to mom and dad a harder endeavor than a bank?), most common mistakes they made with the funding ( did they borrow more than they could afford? Have they relied too much financing as they wait for profits to roll in? We could explore the different types of funding by different demos such as how successful they think their business is, gender, generation, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Abandoning Social Media for Political Reasons, by Generation  Idea Description: Social media can be a blessing or a curse. Sometimes it shows great utility in increasing the spread of information which is invulnerable to any democracy, and other times it seems to drill down into the root of mob mentality and unleash it in global doses.Political ideology exists on a spectrum, but in practicality most people experience it as a nuance-free dichotomy where posts touting a belief or disparaging a politician begins to feel like a personal attack. Thats why its no surprise that people often disavow social media, either platform by platform or altogether, and this is especially true during times of extreme political tension when impolite memes flow like water and the indignation is at a fever pitch.Lets conduct a survey across generations to try and see who is leaving social media most often, which platforms theyre leaving, for how long, and what sent them over the edge. We can also ask how long they considered it, and if they did anything in advance of leaving - think unfollowed or blocked some people with opposing views, followed more people with views that align with mine, took a break from it to see if it calmed down, or tried changing peoples minds by commenting or posting my own thoughts  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The State of Hate in Miami  Idea Description: Want to see something nuts? These are Miami Dade reported hate crimes for 2018 -https://www.miamidade.gov/police/library/hate-crimes.pdfThat right, all five of them. Miami-Dade police force, which is responsible for around 2.7 million people, is notorious for under-reporting this kind of stuff - https://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/miami-dade-police-likely-not-reporting-hate-crimes-10917694Of course, there no way to prove theyre underreporting, since the reports themselves are the official record, but I bet we can make a very strong point simply by surveying 1,000 Miamians about the State of Hate in their city. We can ask them to estimate what percentage of crimes in Miami Dade are hate crimes (hint, it 5 out of 36,088, or 0.014% of them) and highlight the wide discrepancy between what people believe and what actually reported. We can ask if they have seen any instances of discrimination, graffiti, or anything else that could reasonably be considered a hate crime, and again put this number up against police data. Finally, we can ask questions about the overall tension (or lack thereof?) our survey respondents from Miami Dade currently feel, whether they feel it adequately addressed, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Partying Responsibly  Idea Description: Everyone knows the music scene can more often than not involve a lot of drug usage. The rise of laced drugs causing overdoses, fatalities, and numerous hospitalizations has lead to some grassroots efforts like The Bunk Police, a single man operation lead by Adam Auctor. Auctor travels from festival to festival for months, sleeping in tents/his car, to provide festival goers with testing kits. The catch is Auctor 's operation often gets shut down, as what he is doing is illegal. According to this study from NCBI (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5756357/), having these sorts of services provided by venues/events could reduce drug usage, and therefore a possible reduction in health emergencies. 65% of participants reported they would not take substances shown to contain methamphetamine. Ultra Music Festival in Australia has also been hinting at a pill testing service for their upcoming dates. Let 's survey 1,000+ to see the drugs they\re using, how they feel about this sort of policy change/service. Are there certain drugs they would absolutely stray away from? How many of them know someone who has fallen victim to a bunk substance? How many feel venues/events actually have their patrons\ safety in mind?  <|endoftext|>"
