"Idea Title: [Lifestyle] Cant Live Without  Idea Description: Millennials Go Minimal: The Decluttering Lifestyle Trend That Is Taking Over - Forbes--You 've likely heard that younger generations are unsurprisingly trending towards a more minimalist or decluttered lifestyle. Articles drill down on this point with photos of furniture-less living rooms and bedrooms with a mattress on the floor.But what are the underlying motivations to this trend? Is it an effort to achieve financial freedom? A desire to retain one 's geographic mobility? Or is it a spurning of our parents\ habits that led to attics and garages full of unneeded clutter?For this idea, we 'll survey respondents of all age ranges on how burdensome they perceive their possessions to be. Even exploring how burdensome home ownership in itself can be.We 'll explore this tangentially by asking respondents what items you truly can and cannot live without? Central AC? Bed frame? Oven? Microwave? Who needs a dining table? Or even a TV for that matter? Maybe minimalism really does mean your laptop, phone, and a mattress.We could ask respondents to define goods as essential, force them to choose between 5 - 10 items they would most want to keep, OR items they would need to be happy for an adjusted narrative.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Reboot: Fatalities Per Mile  Idea Description: I did this one using 2017 Highway Statistics for AWL, I don 't think it got promoted at all it was one of AWL 's last ones (don 't see any promo tasks in Asana). https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XK_nn0PmgYTUvvvmZvlkH4YFBxHyS_hDk5tXwcYEreU/edit?usp=sharinghttps://app.asana.com/0/799276020328631/867722723517355/fThe Federal Highway Administration provides a number of interesting datasets in their report of highway statistics. Just one of these statistics is highway fatalities per vehicle miles traveled. In this table, the report estimates the number of deaths per every 100 million miles traveled (by all vehicles), broken down by state, urban or rural classification, and road type (local, interstate, major/minor connector, etc.) (from old idea)We could do it with 2018 data. The old one is pretty basic, because it wasn 't going to be promoted. We could look at states with the most/least fatalities per mile in general and by type of road (the data differentiates between rural and urban, and breaks it down by all kinds of roads like arterials, highways, interstates and freeways,...)I\d suggest adding some over time looks, like timelines and percent change by state (didn 't do that at all in the old one).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: #DramaAlert at Work  Idea Description: Id like to hop on the internets love of drama for a moment here. Everyone I know (friends, family, strangers you overhear waiting in line for food) has drama or gossip from work.How much drama is there in your office, by occupation type or by size of the company? What about the level of gossip? How many people believe theyre the last to know things at work? How many people know/knew something they shouldnt about their work or people at work? How many people think HR should step in when theres visible tension or drama in the office Should drama be addressed outright? Do people like knowing about drama or gossip at work or do they want to stay out of it? Theres possibility here for juicy stories of office drama and the consequences of it. How many people will be nice to a person but know theyve talked smack about them? What % of you office is 2 faced, by industry? Id like to stay away from any angle on drama involved with getting ahead at work since that idea by Joey just got selected. How productive are they vs the level of reported drama or gossip in their office? How does this differ by the size of the company or office? If theyre in a tiny room together is there more or less drama?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Comfortability Giving Away Home Security Camera Access  Idea Description: Over the past serval months, Ring (that home security camera company owned by Amazon) has been under intense scrutiny by the technology and privacy communities for their deals with police departments around the country. Here 's a [article from Vice](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/d3ag37/us-cities-are-helping-people-buy-amazon-surveillance-cameras-using-taxpayer-money) all about it if you\re interested. This morning I read [the latest news](https://gizmodo.com/ring-gave-police-stats-about-users-who-said-no-to-law-e-1837713840) on this topic, about how Amazon at one point provided data to the police departments on who did or didn 't give the police access to their camera footage. The hit rate was surprisingly low, but it appears that it was because people just didn 't respond to emails, rather than explicitly saying no.Let 's survey people about this topic. If asked for their home security camera footage by the police without a warrant, would they turn it over? Would they let other people access their home security camera footage, like you can with Amazon 's neighbors app? Does any of this stuff actually feel safer? Do they worry that it will make them feel watched all of the time, no matter where they go?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats a Dad Worth?  Idea Description: Inspired by the Dad, Howd I Do? YT account (https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNepEAWZH0TBu7dkxIbluDw/videos) and Insure.coms Father Day Index (https://www.insure.com/life-insurance/fathers-day-index.html).--Lets execute a timely campaign for Fathers that strives to put a value on his work around the house and with the family by using BLS data to measure the economic value of his services. To do this, well identify common occupations titles traditionally carried out by a father like a cook, plumber, mechanic, waste disposal worker, mentor, therapist, etc. then well label the job description (car maintenance, for example, and estimate weekly hours work to determine an average hourly wage and annual salary. We can juxtapose findings with tasks carried out by mothers to draw comparisons.Additionally, lets supplement these findings we a short survey of working fathers to examine how work obligations impede on family time, or inversely, motivates children. Well include a series of questions asking participants which fatherly duties theyre in charge of and the time dedicated to these activities. How do respondents perceive stay-at-home dads? How have these perceptions shifted since the COVID-19 onset?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bedtime Story Study  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets survey 1,000 parents to find the percentage of married couples who read their children classic fairytales before bed. How much time do you dedicate to bedtime stories? Whats the most popular bedtime story for kids in 2019? Are parents more likely to read from a book or from a tablet or smartphone device? How many rely on bedtime podcasts?What percentage of parents change the endings or themes of classic tales? What are the reasons for the change? Perhaps parents dislike that Hansel and Gretel were left alone in a forest. How many parents would agree that the Ugly Duckling promotes body-shaming and discrimination? Do they gear that Pinocchio may encourage kids to lie? How many parents make up their own tales? How do married couples rate the importance of reading bedtime stories to their children? How do opinions vary by gender? For those who dont read to their children: Why? Are they too busy or tired after a long day at work? What are the alternatives being employed to help their kids doze off? TV? Video games? Tablet usage? Finally, well ask parents to estimate the average amount of sleep their children get per night to determine if certain stories, or themes, leads to improved sleep.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tailgating (good title pending)  Idea Description: For this campaign, well do an in-depth exploration of what goes down at a tailgate. Well explore a variety of topics, potentially breaking the results down by sport, league, or even team.Tailgating vs the game - How does enjoyment between the two compare? How many people go for the tailgating more than the game? Drunkenness - How much are people drinking at tailgates? What percentage of people have gotten buzzed/drunk/blacked out at a tailgate? By extrapolating, we could potentially calculate how much beer is consumed at tailgate for an entire team/league.Behaviors and regrets - What are the reckless/fun/stupid things that people do or have done at a tailgate? How many people regret something theyve done, have hurt themselves, etc... while tailgatingInteractions with opposing fans - How many people shout or chant or get into other altercations/interactions with their opposing teams fans? How many people have seen a fight or gotten in a fight themselves?Time/effort/money - How much money and effort are people putting into their tailgating gear and setup? How much does the average tailgater spend in a season?Litter - IDK maybe we could do an asset about litter and leaving a mess  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Techno Tykes  Idea Description: As technology becomes more and more ubiquitous, children are being exposed to the power of tech in myriad ways at younger ages. From kids getting smart phones (at any age before like, 16 is ridiculous imo) to playing with iPads and tablets while mom and dad drive them to soccer practice, many outsiders looking in are left wondering: what do parents actually think about this? This campaign would answer that question and look at a few angles about technology, what this level of exposure could mean for their children 's future and more. We would ask questions about parental tendencies to let their children access technology, the parents knowledge of said tech (do they understand how computing works?), their children 's perceived knowledge of said tech (do their children have an understanding of how the tech works?) and more. I would be curious to see if parents with a greater understanding of technology are more or less prone to allow their kids to use it. How many parents stop and teach their children about the technology or have been asked questions by their kids that they were unable to answer? Do parents anticipate their children to be advanced if their children have been using tech since a young age?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Small Biz Startup Costs  Idea Description: With the pandemic putting additional financial pressure on many people, Im interested to know how current business owners are thinking about their cash cushion/margins and whether aspiring business owners are rethinking how much money they want to have to start a business.In a split survey well look first at the actual startup costs SBO report for their businesses. What was the upfront total cost to start their business? Was it more or less than they thought? Looking back do they wish they started with more, even if it was just a financial cushion and not actually necessary to start the business? How did people acquire the money necessary to start their business -- savings, loans, investment from family/friends? Then, well survey aspiring business owners or people dabbling in side hustles about their thoughts on the amount of money they need to go all-in on their business. Has the pandemic made them think they need to save even more? Do they think their dream is more/less within reach because of the pandemic? Which ideas have worked and which have not, who started out playing games and are now in the middle of possible new business, what small businesses ideas are thriving during the pandemic?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Interstate Vacations During COVID  Idea Description: Different states have drastically different COVID policies, and this campaign will survey people whove traveled to states with a very different approach to COVID than their home state. We can also look at vacations that were canceled due to presence or lack of safety measures.How do people feel about states that dont have as many COVID mitigation measures as they expect? Do they feel unsafe? Do they take extra measures (more social distancing, more hand sanitizer, etc..) when theyre in a state with fewer mandated mitigation measures?How do people traveling from less-restricted states feel about what they encounter in states with more masking, capacity restrictions, etc..? Are people diverting the vacations to states where they can actually do stuff? Are people taking vacations in areas where they can live under fewer restrictions?State-by-state breakdowns are hard to get, but we can actually get them here. Well be able to gather a few pre-DQ findings about which states are the most/least popular, and then we can focus on those states for the deeper dive questions.Wed be running the survey in January, I assume, so itll be a great time to get respondents who traveled for the holidays.  <|endoftext|>"
