"Idea Title: Scenic Snoozes: Traveling and Sleep Habits  Idea Description: From traveling in the car, on the airplane, and finally arriving to your destination -- your sleep habits while traveling and on vacation can leave you exhausted and drained, unable to enjoy your trip. For this, we can examine different types of travelers and look at their sleep habits from when they leave to when they return home, including the after affects. Do people better sleep in the car or on an airplane? What helps people fall asleep while in route -- soothing music, a blanket and pillow, watching a movie on your phone? How many people can 't fall asleep at all while traveling? What about people on cruises? Do people keep up with their usual sleep routine, or throw it out the window while on vacation? And who is willing to get no sleep at all, yolo it 's vacation. Also, how hard is it for people to transition back into their normal routine post-vacation? We can break this down by gender, age group, length and destination of the trip, and travel method, even making this regional (people to travel to x states are more likely to stick to their routine, people visiting these cities lose x amount of sleep) -- examining sleep habits and who is willing to give up their nightly slumber to have fun.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Online Education Ascends  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets use ClickWorker/Prolific to survey students, parents, and recruiters from all walks of life to gauge sentiment and explore perceptions of an online education. The project will initially present an overview of the topic and touch on the benefits, drawbacks, and future of online learning. How many students have taken an online course? How does the learning experience compare to a 300-person lecture classroom? What percentage of people see e-learning as a cost-effective, flexible alternative to a traditional college experience? Which majors are embracing this transformational shift form traditional to digital learning? How many parents frown upon the thought of an online education? How many parents believe online courses give their children access to a variety of advanced classes worldwide? What percentage of parents think its a waste of money? Additionally, lets poll job recruiters and hr specialists from a broad range of industries to determine which career paths are embracing the digital future. How many recruiters encourage the current educational landscape? What percentage of employers offer perks that encourage employees to continue their education via online coursework?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Would You Be Willing to X During the Pandemic?  Idea Description: What places/businesses do we miss the most? What places/businesses would we like to go to but cant due to COVID? What places/businesses will we never be able to go to again due to COVID? And what are we willing to do or go through to go to these places/businesses?Even though we already have several businesses open, not all of us are ready to return to them, such as bars, concert venues, sporting events, etc.Lets explore what percentage of people would be willing or not to go to concert venues, closed-door sporting events, movie theaters, buffet restaurants, fitness centers (yoga/martial arts/etc), dine inside restaurants, etc.Furthermore, lets include what they would be willing to go through to return to their favorite businesses. These could be interesting when breaking down by age/generation, gender, political affiliation, etc, because weve seen how many people have issues with something so simple as wearing a face mask, for example. Would they be willing to have their temperature checked? Get tested for COVID first? Maintain distance? Pay COVID fees?Also, what would they need in order to go back to their favorite venues?A vaccine? extra cleaning? see other people doing it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Spider Tack Ban  Idea Description: Spider Tack, a sticky substance used by pitchers, is now banned from the MLB. Umps started checking players for this substance just last month. So how exactly has this affected pitching? Well refer to pitching outcomes using https://www.baseball-reference.com/ to see how this grip-enhancing substance is affecting ERAs. We can embed a Flourish visual of ERAs since the Spider Tack Ban so as we come near the time of pitching we simply refresh our data and visual to give it an updated edge. Whats this doing to the average ERA? We may have to identify the pitchers from each team using this to make this more targeted so we can really pinpoint how this ban is affecting pitching. We can also run a short supplementary survey of baseball fans to see just what they consider cheating. Is spider tack use among pitchers cheating, versus its use among outfielders (who are more likely to have to throw a wet ball from wet grass, sweat and have more challenges due to distance) considered as harmful? How does the use of tack compare to batter doping, pitcher doping? Well balance this popular opinion survey with data to back up whether or not the ban is in fact impacting the pitching game as its aimed to do.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Unsolved Murders - Could DNA data help?  Idea Description: In recent years, 59 cold cases have been re-opened and arrests have been made. These are all due to DNA testing databases, where people send in their DNA to find out their ancestry. Police have been able to work with these labs in order to narrow down their search pools to specific areas or even families who might be directly related to the suspect.However, this does present an ethical issue. Should police be able to access this data? Should your DNA you send to 23 & Me be private? For this project, lets look through a database of unsolved murders. There may or may not be DNA evidence but through this data, we can see the scope of the issue at hand. There are more than 225K records of unsolved murders dating back to 1976. Lets see which states and cities have the highest rates of unsolved and solved murders. Where could DNA testing have the biggest impact on finding justice for the deceased? What are the most common demos of the unsolved victims? Are they mostly women or men? White or black victims? This could be very eye opening. We could also supplement this with a survey about people views on the use of their DNA in solving crimes. Who should have access to their ancestry data?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Have You Hit Your Ceiling?  Idea Description: How many people right now, sitting at their jobs, feel like they 've already hit the ceiling at work? Growth and professional development are huge reasons why people stay at the jobs they have, or may take a job at a lower starting point, for the promise of working themselves up. How are people determining their ceiling and whether or not they 've gotten there? A slow down in raises and promotions? Not enough mentors or people to look up to? What do they do when they feel like they 've reached the highest point? How do American employees feel about the prospect of moving up? Would they...-Consider a lateral move at a different company that has more growth/promotion opportunities?-Stay with their job, try to move up as far as they can and simply request more salary?-Attempt to carve out a new job at their current work?-NA - happy with where they areLet 's use a survey to find out, also surveying people on what growth means (salary, education, becoming an expert, prestige and title, more freedom and autonomy...). Generationally, we could find some fascinating points about how we may view career growth differently as well as what we do when we feel like we 've hit our ceiling.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Toxic Online Video Game Communities  Idea Description: Repitch:Online games have been trendy for years over video game consoles and the internet, and toxic behavior has become a persistent issue in this industry.These games are known for having the most toxic communities, and it can be challenging to want to give them a shot. Log in to any online game, and there is a reasonable risk youll run into hostility, trash talk, and aggression from strangers over voice or text chat. Racial slurs, homophobia, and sexism make up a significant portion of the communication. For this campaign, lets combine analyzing popular video game subreddits with a small survey on gamers sentiments about toxic online video game communities. What impact do certain games have on people that cause toxic behavior to arise? Is it a competitive element? Is it because you are anonymous and using a nickname behind a screen? Is it inevitable? Has it become hard for you to play certain games because of the kind of people that play them?Further, how do you behave outside of the gaming world? Do you act like that around your friends/family/coworkers? Do you think these increasingly played games a good form of entertainment? Which video game has the most toxic community?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Parental Perceptions of Education  Idea Description: After earning an undergrad degree in education and co-teaching in schools, Ive seen firsthand the frustrations that parents and teachers have with where the education system is headed in terms of curriculum and processes that are being pushed. Testing is priority, competition is enforced, students are stressed, parents are confused and annoyed at the things they dont like yet cant control' it just not like what it used to be. Older generations remember a time when school was much less stressful and not so much about measuring up to the person next to you. You also had more freedom to explore interests, while now, so much of striving in school is about taking as many AP classes you want at the expense of taking electives that will teach you more about yourself and help you in even choosing a major. Let survey 1,000 parents about what they think their kids SHOULD be learning in school, what theyre missing out on in comparison with their memories of schooling, how they feel about helping out with homework, anything that school systems are getting right, how they deal with teachers, etc. Let find out how today parents assess the different aspects of schooling today.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: LGBTQ+ Video Games, Ranked  Idea Description: There is a ton of research out there on the heteronormativity of video games, and how that makes the gaming world less inclusive of sexual diversity. Given a Nielsen study recently reported that 10% of gamers are LGBTQ+, it doesn 't feel acceptable that so few games have queer characters or story lines. Using research into LGBTQ+ gaming characters, inclusive gaming communities, and even reddit, let 's examine which games are the most LGBTQ+ friendly. In a previous study for Legend Corp, we discovered Animal Crossing was considered the most supportive, especially due to the fact that gamers don 't have to choose a binary gender for their characters. What other games employ these inclusive strategies? What are the most famous queer characters? Then we 'll back up our findings with a survey that also examines what aspects of games, both generally and specifically, make them inclusive, or more friendly towards LGBTQ+ gamers? Do gender identifying options range beyond women and men? How many LGBTQ+ gamers are in queer gaming communities and only play with other LGBTQ+ gamers?There are several games slated for release in 2021 with queer characters, so I think this is well-timed.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wired In  Idea Description: Theres been more focus lately on distancing ourselves from technology use in a variety of ways, but the one Id like to explore here is its connection to sleep. How much time do people on avg spend on their phone immediately upon waking up, and directly before going to bed? How many of us sleep with our phones within arms reach? How many nights a week do we wake up in the middle of the night for whatever reason, and immediately check any notifications we have? We can ask people if they believe phone or tech use before bed hinders sleep or health, and find out on avg what time they settle in for bed vs what time they actually end up going to sleep after social scrolling. We can also ask if being on your phone in the morning has ever made you late to work/school. Would people sleep with their phone in another room if in exchange they got 2 extra hours of sleep? How many hours of sleep would people give up in order to have their tech within arms reach all night? (a variation on this is asking people how many extra hours of sleep per night it would take them to give up their phone, ala the Goldman project where we asked people how much money it would take for them to give up their phone)  <|endoftext|>"
