"Idea Title: Sleep and Children  Idea Description: Re-pitch sans the global angle:For this project, let 's ask parents of youth of all ages about bedtime and sleep habits. When is bedtime? When did you start/stop enforcing your child 's bedtime? What are the most common wind down routine for children of all ages? Do certain parents employ a no tech X hours before bed rule? How many children are meeting the recommended average (there 's recommendations for various age groups from infants to pre-school-aged, teens and more). Additionally, let 's dive a little deeper to see if parents sleep habit reflect their child 's nightly slumber. Are parents who receive the recommended amount of sleep each night, and are satisfied with their sleep more likely to make their children get enough sleep every night? Are parents with poor sleep quality more lax when it comes to enforcing bedtime? Who 's putting more time and effort into their little one 's nightly routine? Let 's breakdown results by various demographics such as race, generation, religious beliefs, and more. It would be interesting to see if families with similar sleep patterns are closer to one another, more satisfied with their life situation, and dedicate more time to family outings.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: UNUSED - Navigating Relationships with STDS  Idea Description: You just found out you have gonorrhea. Unfortunate. Do you take a sexual hiatus? And if not, do you feel obligated to tell your sexual partners if you are responsibly using protection, simply assuming that your history will not concern them since they should theoretically be safe? For this idea, well look at how honest people are with their sexual partners when they contract STDs. How do peoples obligations to reveal the truth vary depending on the ailment in question and their relationship to their sexual partners? How many people just simply dont care about transmitting sexual diseases and dont feel obligated to wear protection or discuss their circumstances with hook-ups at all? Well look at how receptive people are to developing a relationship with someone who has an STD, and how this receptiveness varies with disease variety. With new HIV drugs scraping the death sentence association from the illness, has the fear of contracting HIV diminished at all? On the other side, what do people afflicted with these conditions report on their dating lives--how does it impact their dating life? Have partners ever left them because of it? How long do they wait before breaking the news?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Internet Bill of Rights  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 people with the objective of measuring how free they feel in regards to their internet usage. By examining results by political affiliations,: Is the internet a right or a privilege? Which of the following tenants do you agree with:-The right to universal access-The right to net neutrality-Free (government-granted) malware protection -Personal data should be stored and I should be notified immediately upon a data breach-ISPs shouldn 't be able to block or throttle internet access -Users should have access to multiple viable, affordable internet platforms w/ transparent pricing-The list goes on but you can borrow more ideas from https://khanna.house.gov/media/press-releases/release-rep-khanna-releases-internet-bill-rights-principles-endorsed-sir-tim and similar sources.From here, we can create the official Internet Bill of Rights and dive deeper to explore the reasons why it 's needed, the benefits it provides/problems it 'll solve, the drawbacks, etc. Additionally, we can manually pull which companies and congresspeople who are on-board with the notion. Breaking down results by different demographics will generate compelling takeaways.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Best Ways to Build (And Destroy) Company Morale  Idea Description: Weve probably all worked in a company where everyone just seemed miserable to do their job or where an air of toxicity permeated every interaction. These issues dont arise spontaneously in a workplace, though. Lets survey employees and managers about their current workplaces and see what they might be contributing too, as well as what the biggest factors are in determining morale.How many managers know they have a toxic teammate, but hesitate to let them go?How many employees bring in their emotional baggage to work or refuse to help others?How many people engage in workplace gossip? How many work with a micromanager? Etc. How do these things influence their morale?The CS would need to do some research and possibly prelim surveys to create a good list of scenarios/factors that influence workplace morale. https://getlighthouse.com/blog/low-employee-morale/https://www.inc.com/marissa-levin/harvard-research-proves-toxic-employees-destroy-your-culture-your-bottom-line.htmlhttps://www.forbes.com/sites/forbeshumanresourcescouncil/2018/09/24/15-employee-morale-squashing-mistakes-leaders-make/https://www.inc.com/andrew-thomas/5-ways-toxic-leaders-destroy-team-morale.html  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financially Supporting Children Through COVID-19  Idea Description: With unemployment having climbed as high as 14.7% in April, many are struggling financially and there is only so much help stimulus checks and unemployment benefits can provide. For this study, we 'll seek to determine how many people are receiving financial support from a family member during these difficult times as well as the percentage of people who may be providing financial support themselves to a parent or other family member.How have parents and their children been impacted by COVID-19? How much financial support have they provided? How much financial support WILL they provide? Is there a cutoff point? Are there conditions? How much financial support have the received and when do they intend to pay it back? Have you provided other forms of support such as allowing a child to move back into your home? When do you anticipate your child being able to get back on their feet? And how has providing this financial support impacted your own financial goals?We 'll AIM to survey 1K people but it is possible we may need to settle for a lower sample, OR we could open the survey to explore hypotheticals as in how many adults WOULD support their children financially during COVID?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Exploring Streaming Styles - Rework  Idea Description: Disney is leading the charge against Netflix by returning to weekly episode releases - The VergeNo, Netflix Will Not Release More Episodes Weekly Instead Of Binge-Dropping - Forbes--There 's been hot debate online over the preferred streaming model among audiences. Some Americans strongly prefer that all episodes of a season be released simultaneously. This model offers flexibility for the viewer and the ability to binge. While other Americans prefer new episodes be released weekly, a la traditional television. This model helps build anticipation and keeps audiences on a similar watching schedule optimizing IRL show discussion and avoiding spoilers.For this idea let 's survey audiences on their preferred method of episode release as well as an assortment of other specific streaming habits. What specific shows or platforms are better suited to a certain model? How does preference vary by your household size or home schedule? What is the optimal times to binge (holiday vs. weekend), number of series following at a single time, number of episodes watched a day, etc. We 'll dive into these behaviors and demographics to learn more about how audiences consume entertainment.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Students Perceptions of a (Mandatory) COVID Vaccine  Idea Description: With the approval and distribution of a COVID-19 vaccine, we can finally begin to see the light at the end of the tunnel. For students, this means having a real university experience again in a near future. This also leads us to wonder, how will this vaccine be handled for college students? Will it be mandatory to get vaccinated to go/live on campus? How soon will they be able to get vaccinated? Many questions still remain to be answered.For this campaign, lets ask college students about how a vaccine changes their sentiments on going to campus to continue their college education. What percentage of college students feel more confident going to campus once vaccinated? Will all students be willing to get vaccinated? What percentage of students would rather wait until being sure the vaccine wont have any side effects long term? How eager are college students to get vaccinated for COVID? How does an available vaccine affect their mental health? What are the main benefits of a COVID vaccine from the point of view of college students? Who is more open to getting vaccinated? Women/men? Local/international students? Freshman/seniors? Business majors/Science majors? Lets find out?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Back to School  Idea Description: During the last recession, many people stayed in school or went back to school in order to cope with the job market. Since we\re experiencing a global pandemic, it may be relevant to bring up that conversation again. How many professionals or recent grads (Gen Z) are going back to school, or at least thinking about it? Are they considering MBAs and MSs, other types of programs in order to make themselves more attractive in the job market? We touched on this just a bit in the College Finance project called Career Outlook, which really offered some promo gold in terms of the industries people were willing to pivot into for more job stability in the COVID-19 world. With this project, we can do a deep dive into the degrees and careers people want to pursue, as well as their views on a pending recession (and how this is driving people to go back to school or not). For professionals with early careers, how many job experiences and years of work did it take them to get to a point where they realized another degree was needed? What skill sets are they hoping to build on when they go back to school, or are they considering entirely new/different careers? Will they pursue online degrees?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Blue Collar vs. White Collar Benefits - BLS.gov  Idea Description: In todays brief, Meg linked this trending article as inspiration for Job List: https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/347529 This idea offers a more authoritative approach to this story using detailed data from the BLS National Compensation Survey.--How do employee benefits differ between white-collar and blue-collar employees? Who is more likely to have access to paid holidays? Or paid sick leave? Or subsidized transportation? On average, who has more days of paid holiday available? What about access to health insurance or retirement?Using data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics National Compensation Survey, we can explore detailed benefits data for specific industries and how these benefits have changed from 2010 to 2019.Data is available in broad industry levels but includes traditionally blue-collar industries such as construction, transportation and warehousing, goods-producing, trade, and utilities. Data also available in broad occupation types.Can be broken down be employer size and region.Data was updated in September of 2019. Although 2020 data is not yet available, I do not suspect well see any major influences of COVID-19 until the 2021 report.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is Student Loan Forgiveness Going to Happen in 2021?  Idea Description: 1/6/21 (now that Dems are likely to take the Senate, making this more of a possibility) As we approach Joe Bidens inauguration, theres been increased chatter about the possibility of him canceling some or all student loan debt for borrowers once hes in office. He could cancel $10k per borrower with an executive order, but Schumer has been talking about canceling $50k if Congress can reach an agreement on it. Given its new prominence in the news cycle (and the greater possibility of it actually happening), lets do a follow-up to the Perceptions of Student Loan Forgiveness campaign to see how hopeful people are about some or all of their student debt getting canceled. How would it change their lives? What would they do with the money theyd be saving (one of the reasons this is in the news again is because some think canceling student debt could act as economic stimulus)? Have people scaled back their payments in the hope their debt gets canceled? How much have people already sunk into student loan payments? How would people spend the money they wouldnt have to spend on payments (some think this could be a form of economic stimulus to help with COVID relief)?  <|endoftext|>"
