"Idea Title: Why Youre Not Further Ahead  Idea Description: Weve done a bunch of campaigns that include pct satisfied/dissatisfied with their jobs, and it always hovers around 1/3 being dissatisfied. So, lets survey those people and find out why, but do so in a way where we can cite outside advice (from research. wellness gurus, etc) on how to combat the biggest issues that will crop up (self doubt, self image, avoiding confrontation, too much confrontation are almost certainly going to be the biggest ones since they always pop up in surveys like this).Basically, we look at why different demos that are dissatisfied are actually dissatisfied, but we report all our stats alongside actionable ways to deal with it (e.g., mindfulness, journaling, gratitude lists) and we cite the actual research on it so readers know its not coming from nowhere. The idea is that readers will see some version of themselves in the the reasons we use and then will be able to act fairly easily on the remedies we discuss.If we want to get fancy, we can include a few clickbaity questions to get things like % of men feeling threatened by Me Too or how many people feel they arent getting ahead because theyre experiencing racism (or reverse racism, etc)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Your Munchies Personality  Idea Description: (I previously ideated this for Recovery Brands in October) This campaign would look at patterns of how people munch during the interval of drug influence, and it would visually show comparisons of how different drugs cause different types of cravings (or, we could focus on just marijuana!). What are people munching on (Sweet/Salty? Fast food? A whole meal? Fasting? Healthy choices? Just drinking a ton of liquids?) after taking a specific drug, and how does this compare by type of drug (weed, cocaine, ecstacy, other hard drugs), gender, and age? An interactive timeline could show how people cravings change at each time interval after they take the drug. Additionally, there are articles and instances of people intentionally mixing specific foods with specific drugs to achieve certain effects, and this could add another interesting subtopic as well. How do drug users make their food choices? Are they health conscious? Do they immediately follow their cravings? Are they looking to lose their appetites because of trying to lose weight? From there, it could also cool to typecast people into certain types of drug munchers, like the health nut and the fast food junkie.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Proof Threshold  Idea Description: this idea a few times but I feel it would be interesting.--If everything can be fake, what is real?With the recent advancement of deep fake video and voice technologies, society 's concept of truth and evidence could soon be uprooted forever. Video and audio recordings have existed as definitive proof of something occurring but it seems inevitable that these technologies may someday soon usher in a new era of disinformation and distrust as they become indistinguishable from what 's real.For this idea, we 'll conduct a survey to explore the shifting threshold of proof. Even today, how willing are Americans to accept video or audio recordings as proof? If a damning video or audio recording were to surface of a politician, how many may still remain skeptical and what are the specific conditions that need to be present for one to accept something as proof?We 'll also survey for general perceptions of deep fake technology including awareness, perceived harm, fears for it 's use (in foreign affairs, scams, etc.), and how soon we expect fakes to be indistinguishable from truth. Other forms of trust could be evaluated as well such as news sources.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Fitness Influencers  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore perceptions of fitness influencers: how many people follow them, how effective they are at inspiring people, how theyre perceived by fitness-focused people vs everybody else, if theyre helping (inspiring) or hurting (making people feel shitty) and other questions like that.Followers: how many people follow them, and who are those people? How many men follow women and women follow men just for the eye candy? How many men follow men and women follow women for inspiration/workouts/advice?Effectiveness: How do people perceive the effects of influencers. Are they legitimately inspiring people, or are they just thirst traps? Are they encouraging people to get in shape, or making people feel bad about their bodies? How many people believe that many fitness influencers are just glorified models? How many think fitness models are disingenuous about the whole thing. How many people get a benefit from fitness influencers, like following workouts, getting inspired, following advice, etc..How do perceptions vary between male and female influencers? Is one gender judged more harshly, more likely to be viewed as nothing but eye candy, etc..  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Small Business Owners and Political Beliefs  Idea Description: Inspired by this idea that is focused on employees and hiring:https://app.asana.com/0/1122172002433779/1184728372454633/f--How wary are small business owners of sharing their political beliefs? For these individuals, a yard sign or tweet or bumper sticker can have significantly stronger implications for their business and source of livelihood. Furthermore, are Democrat or Republican business owners more or less likely of sharing their beliefs?To find out, well survey 1K SBOs and Freelancers/Contractors to understand their perceptions and experiences with sharing their political beliefs. To what degree would they consider openly supporting a political party or presidential candidate? Would they place a sign inside or in front of their business? Would they include messaging on their site? Would they support on their personal social media account? What about their business social media account?Have they ever experienced negative consequences as a result of openly voicing their opinions personally or through their business? A confrontation with an employee or customers? Or perhaps, letting customers know your political beliefs has actually improved business.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Credit Card Mentality  Idea Description: With the fact that credit cards are essentially dealing with invisible/intangible money, people can have drastically different perceptions of how credit cards can and should be used. You cant see the money in front of you, so it may not even seem totally real. For example, my best friend and her family splurge/charge on huge vacations and are consistently buying the latest $1,000 iPhone, yet it obvious that they dont have the funding for it and push themselves further into debt. However, other individuals highly value and prioritize the savviness of saving, making sure they have enough money in their bank account before making charges, keeping track of finances, etc. Let survey 1,000 people on their attitudes and uses of how credit cards should be used. What the typical viewpoint on how credit cards are used in America? Do people lean more towards charging without foresight, or being critical of when and when not to make charges? How do age groups and genders compare? How does each group view each other (i.e. credit card savvy people may view huge spenders as irresponsible). What personality traits/life outlooks are associated with credit card styles?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: COVID-19 Socializing and Rules  Idea Description: I read an interesting article on NPR that talked about how people are having more conversations around socializing and COVID, creating rules and expressing what activities they are comfortable with friends and family doing, in order to be able to hang out while still staying safe. If your kids or your friends want to come over for dinner, whats the protocol? Do you ask them where theyve been in the last week? Is there pressure on people who see family members to disclose where theyve been, or limit where they go? Do people agree on a set of rules they need to maintain in order to continue socializing in their bubbles? Using a survey, lets look at how people are proceeding with socialization while the U.S. opens up, how big the typical social bubbles are and how that differs generationally. What activities are off-limits? What does the average person, wary of COVID, think is acceptable exposure? What is unacceptable exposure? We can also look at things like people getting into fights or cutting off friends and family because of their activities, and how families foresee being together for the holidays. Will we mandate COVID-19 testing for Thanksgiving dinner?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Who is the Clean One in Your Relationship?  Idea Description: Living Together When Your Significant Other Is the 'messy One\ - Forbes (2015 non survey)---In every relationship, there 's always one partner who is the clean one. Sometimes it 's a large difference, sometimes small. This can be reflected in how tidy they keep their side of the sink, how often they wash their dishes, where they put their dirty laundry, etc.In this campaign, we 'll explore the relationship dynamics between partners who consider themselves to be cleaner or messier, and the ways in which home isolation due to COVID-19 may have exaggerated these experiences.In a survey of 1K respondents, we 'll determine the proportion of men and women who consider themselves to be the cleaner partner in their relationship. How much more cleanly do they consider themselves to be? How does this influence the time they spend doing chores each week and do they resent their partner for being less tidy? Have they experienced heightened strain on their relationship since self-isolation due to COVID-19? What specific chores or areas of cleanliness causes the most tension? Do less cleanly partners feel guilty about their contributions to keeping the home clean?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Online Savings  Idea Description: With advances in technology and easy access to e-commerce sites, so many transactions are done online nowadays. Especially with the reward points and cashback options offered from credit card companies. Paying bills, going clothing shopping, booking a trip -- theres practically nothing we cant do online, but our we maximizing our resources to the fullest? I know my Mom will purposely buy an item from a site on a certain day in order to get her Ebates cashback. I, myself, have the RetailMeNot and Honey chrome extensions on my computer to make sure Im getting the best deal possible. I also try to sneak my FAU student account to get Spotify student for $4.99 (comes with Hulu and Showtime) even though I graduated. Lets survey credit card users (of any age group) to see their thoughts on using coupon codes, etc. and the lengths theyd go to save the most money.https://www.huffpost.com/entry/money-saving-apps-for-shopping-on-phone_n_5c40d9b2e4b0a8dbe16eef20https://www.femalefirst.co.uk/features/five-money-saving-secrets-shopping-using-online-vouchers-coupons-1180069.htmlhttps://www.huffpost.com/entry/ebates-online-shopping-cash-back_n_5c0f1d5fe4b0edf5a3a7eec0  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Remote Work Station  Idea Description: With more Americans now working from home than ever before, lets conduct a survey to explore how theyve set up their remote work spaces, how many were unprepared for the transition, how much money theyve spent on improving their work space, and how this differs between employees who were or were not working from home prior to the Coronavirus outbreak. Well determine how each of these factors impact productivity.There are a number of interesting questions and topics to explore here. What percentage of Americans have a dedicated room to work remotely from? How many share a workspace with another family members room? Are they working in the living room? Do they have a proper chair and desk or are they working on the couch? How many have had their productivity impacted by poor internet connectivity or slow hardware? How clean are they keeping their workspace? Do you watch TV while you work? How much more likely are you to be distracted if you do either of these things and are longtime remote employees adapting more efficiently?Well explore each of these variables by remote work satisfaction, productivity, distractions, downtime, stress, and happiness.  <|endoftext|>"
