"Idea Title: What Country Would You Connect to Using a VPN?  Idea Description: While hunting for VPN content, I found this article on what country you should connect to using a VPN: https://www.technadu.com/choose-the-best-country-to-connect-to-using-vpn/38932/#targetText=Switzerland%2DBased%20VPNs,country%20in%20our%20digital%20realm.The idea behind this is that if youre really concerned about online privacy, you should select a country that has the strongest privacy laws. This isnt something Id thought a lot about, and I dont imagine the average VPN users does either.For this campaign, lets survey VPN users about what countries theyve connected to using their VPN and what their reasons for connecting to them were. What advantages, if any, do/did they see by connecting to a particular country? Do they just connect to countries arbitrarily? Do they connect to a connect to access particular content specific to that location? While this would be a rather niche campaign, I think the client will find a lot of value in its exploration of VPN usage by average users. I imagine wed get a lot of creative answers and reasons people connect to various countries, which could still pique the interest of tech writers/publications.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Working Remote - Tips from the Experts  Idea Description: Adding this to the Keypath ideation as well because it seemsWith so many people suddenly working remote, it would be interesting and beneficial to survey long-term remote workers about their tips and tricks for staying sane and productive while working from home. Some of the topics that we can touch on include...Productivity and work life balance- What are the most common ways remote workers stay productive? How to remote workers balance the always on nature of having your workspace in your house?Lessons learned - What common misconceptions can remote workers clear up for us? What lessons did they learn that they weren 't expecting to? What unexpected challenges did they face that they can alert us to?Mental health and relationships - What tips do they have for staying alert, engaged, etc... How do they stay connected? What are the best methods for staying fit and active? How do they handle feelings of isolation and loneliness? How do remote workers balance their families/relationships?Advice for common fears/concerns - How would remote workers address the most common concerns? What advice would they give specifically to address them?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Standing Out in a Remote Job Market  Idea Description: It 's hard enough to stand out among other job-seekers, and now recent graduates aren 't competing with the rest of the country and even international applicants.For this campaign, we 'll survey recent graduates and other job seekers about the unique challenges of standing out and finding a job in our new, highly-remote workforce. What challenges are they facing, what are the doing to improve their chances (spending even longer on their resume, calling/emailing. hiring a professional resume writer, sending cakes, etc..)? How many have a dedicated remote interview setup with lights? What resume features are they relying on (color, photos, hyperlinks, etc...) more than ever now?We 'll run that survey first, then we 'll use that data/insight to inform a survey of managers/HR with hiring responsibilities. How effective are the most common tactics? What are the secrets to standing out? How challenging is all of this on the hiring side of things, and what are the challenges?Apparently, this is basically identical to a campaign Claire did, so this will be a reboot of that with a focus on remote job-seeking and how much things have changed this year.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Peak Age for Everything  Idea Description: This Business Insider article did a big part of this campaigns work for us -- it aggregates a bunch of peer-reviewed academic studies that estimate the ages humans are most likely to peak at different things: from life satisfaction to brain processing power to salary to emotional well being. https://www.businessinsider.com/best-age-for-everything-2017-3#the-ability-to-remember-unfamiliar-names-peaks-at-about-22-3These ages are all over the map, and many of them happen much, much later in life than youd expect: Life satisfaction peaks at 69 and satisfaction with ones body peaks at age 74 (!).So for this ultimately uplifting campaign for seniors, lets survey people about what ages they believe people peak in all these different measures - wed be able to run a super fast survey with a bunch of age sliders from 18-90 and collect demos. The key takeaways is that almost no one is going to guess how old some of these peak ages really are according to research, so well be able to call this out as a big discrepancy between public opinion and scientific findings. Will also be really, really interesting to see demo breakdowns for these estimates  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Human Interaction vs. Self Dependence in Business  Idea Description: More and more retail stores are implementing self-checkout lanes and merely keeping 1/2 employees stationed to help with unavoidable technical glitches and issues that arise. For even longer, many companies around the world have utilized electronic systems for incoming and outgoing customer calls but from the 90s to now, making the call experience more personal (meaning talking to a real person) has been a huge selling point for companies. With the in-store experience changing to be less human, what is the sentiment for this? How likely are shoppers to go to a self-checkout section rather than a traditional human checkout counter? How comfortable would they be with less human interactions in other aspects of their life apart from shopping such as medical (blood pressure checker machines at the grocery store, the dr. scholls foot machine thingy, etc.), day to day business (perhaps exploring working from home compared to in-office coworking spaces, etc.), and other aspects of business where we would typically interact with other human beings.We could explore demographics such as generation, gender, parental status, income level/job level, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: One-upping Highway Patrol  Idea Description: There are various consumer products used by drivers that are designed to deter police enforcement from pulling you over or to help you avoid speed traps. Police radar, anti-speed camera license plate covers, I support local law enforcement stickers, dashboard cameras, and even Waze/Map 's speed trap reporting feature are all methods that you\re likely to have come across on the road. You 've probably even seen license plate numbers designed to be difficult to read such as 1II11I.In this survey execution, we 'll ask 1K drivers how effective they really believe these deterrents to be. Which do they use? Do they credit one of these deterrents to actually getting them out of a ticket or preventing them from being pulled over? Or do most drivers believe these deterrents to be a shady practice? Do drivers who use these deterrents have worse driving record? We can tangentially explore Waze/Maps alternate route suggestions or crash warning for tech appeal.We 'll explore these behaviors and perceptions by generation, gender, driving record, vehicle type, and driving frequency.We should reinforce a strong narrative for safe and lawful driving.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Am I in the Right Career/Job?  Idea Description: How engaged do you feel at work? What signs tell people they are in the right place or they should quit their jobs? Given how many hours we dedicate to our jobs, its crucial to our overall well being that we are in the right position. However, thats something that doesnt usually happen. Getting stuck in the wrong role can really do a number on us. For this reason, lets explore what different demos have to say about their jobs and how engaged, satisfied, stressed, happy they are. Lets breakdown by employees feeling they are in the right position vs. those who think they are not. What percentage of employees feel they are in the right job? What signs make you think you are on the right job? Does time fly at work? You challenge yourself and take risks? You feel excited about the work you are doing? You feel your coworkers are more like friends? You have the right balance between work-loved ones-yourself? You feel calm on Sundays? You never stop talking about work? You want your bosss job?Once we establish whos on the right job and who should quit their job, lets ask them about different aspects of life, mental health, work, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is Job Surveillance the New Job Security?  Idea Description: In the past weve looked at tracking social media, messaging and internet habits of workers to determine whether or not theyre staying productive.(Example LP: https://www.simplyhired.com/guide/studies/being-watched-at-work; example promo report: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18JRCQ3fCWLoEjB7LeufzQHwesQ_vTu1oo0N4Jxs4h70/edit#gid=1834248002) which performed well. This led me to thinking about the positive side of tech in the workplace. I.e. our company has a locked door policy and video surveillance monitoring in the parking lot, for good reason. Began to wonder how proactive other companies are in protecting their employees. -Is this something people are starting to value?-Would they rather feel safe in their workplace or have a higher salary?-Are the majority of businesses helpful with carrying out incident reports?-Percentage of businesses without these structures in place (Front desk admin, badges/keys, internal and external cameras, roster of employee phone numbers, etc.)-Rate of frequency w/ internal security issues (cases when employees are harming the safety of others, plus how these situations escalate to HR)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: First Round Picks That Couldn'Aot Live Up to the Hype  Idea Description: Repitch:Im dropping this one here again because I feel there is a chance since we just had the NFL draft less than a couple of weeks ago. There is currently a lot of hype about Trevor Lawrence (number 1 pick overall in the 2021 draft) being reunited with his Clemson teammate and how they will do next season. Lets add a small survey to explore how people expect this last draft will do in the 2021 NFL season. Lets go back 20 years and dive into sports-reference data to see how well did NFLs first-round picks have done transitioning to the pros. Which player was the most promising? Who has been able to live up to the hype? Who has been able to surpass expectations? Who is the biggest disappointment? Who has been able to take their teams to the Super Bowl? Who has had the most injuries? Lets find out.Since 2000 the league has had 15 quarterbacks, four defensive ends, and two offensive tackles; we could only center on QBs and stats like pass completions, pass completion percentage, passing yards, passing touchdowns, passing interceptions, rush attempts, rushing yards, rushing touchdowns, trips to the Super Bowl, and all-pro selections.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Our Failed Education System  Idea Description: This idea got two yes 's last time, so I'm pivoting it slightly to get it over the edge. Millennials, by this point, are a trope of ineptitude. Let 's put some fuel on the fire, and find out how bad they are at spelling, grammar, and English generally. For instance, I\d guess that the majority of millennials can 't spell the word 'millennials. I even screw it up a lot. That 's hilarious. There are also a billion memes about their, there, and they\re - that 's another failure. We\d essentially do something like Porch 's Cooking Nightmares (WHICH DID SUPER WELL) and quiz people, comparing generations. To balance it we could add things that millennials are good at, like tech, typing etc. The other side of this is they can 't spell ... but who cares? We have autocorrect. so we can survey about exactly that. How much less attractive is bad spelling? Less professional? Who cares, and who doesn 't? Do millennials purposefully not try to spell things correctly, knowing it will fix them. How many correct a word they know is spelled wrong vs. how many let if fly in a text? We could even find industries that hate typos the most.  <|endoftext|>"
