"Idea Title: Do Millennials Trust the Economic System  Idea Description: For this study, we would explore millennial perspective on the stock market, investment, capitalism vs socialism, and the banking system in general. It pretty common knowledge at this point that millennials dont have the same affection for our financial system that many in previous generations do; so let explore what that looks like and why.Among the many angles that we can look at in this campaign are:- Whether millennials trust Wall Street, and why they do or dont (distrust of bankers, political beliefs, graduating directly into the great recession, etc..)- How many millennials actively invest, and exploring the differences between those who do and dont (financial situation, beliefs, etc..) and how much money they have invested. Also, how many millennials are saving for retirement- Millennial perceptions of the financial system overall: how many believe that it needs serious reform, more regulation, complete overhaul, etc' - Capitalism vs socialism. Many millennials identify themselves as socialists, so we can explore millennial sentiment and beliefs about the benefits and downsides of each economic theory  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sentiments on Medical Tourism  Idea Description: Studies revealed that millions of Americans had traveled overseas for health-care services in recent years. How likely are you to travel to another country to undergo a medical procedure? Has that sentiment changed lately due to the COVID-19 pandemic? What medical procedures would you consider doing in another country? What are the reasons why you would consider doing medical tourism? Do they lack medical insurance? How much trust do you have for overseas medical procedures? Under which conditions will you consider traveling overseas for a medical procedure? Lets breakdown by different demos (gender, nationality, generation).Furthermore, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we might be in the initial stages of a different type of medical tourism: traveling from other countries into the US to get the COVID-19 vaccine. To make this survey more timely, lets include the sentiments of Americans on foreigners traveling to the US to get vaccinated for COVID. What do Americans feel about tourists traveling to the US to get vaccinated for COVID-19? Should they be allowed to get vaccinated? Is this a consequence of the US buying too many vaccines?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Music Deserts  Idea Description: Ive been wanting to see Dustin O\Halloran perform forever, but he yet to make the trek to Florida despite numerous extensive tours with 20+ tour dates over the years. If I'm this frustrated over lack of access to my favorite artists while residing just outside of a major metropolitan region, I wonder how inconvenient it is for people living who don 't. Let 's explore music deserts of America, areas where chart-topping artists simply slide on by. Cities like New York and Los Angeles are obviously included on American tour dates virtually 100% of the time, but many localities one wouldn 't expect are often snubbed. How do these patterns change when we break it down by genre? Is there a notable order to the cities artists go to as they tour? Where do international artists travel to when they come to America? Is there a relationship between the genre most unique to an area and whether they 'll be acknowledged by artists associated with that genre, or are they generally still passed over in favour of populous regions with more to financially offer? Do artists typically stop expand or shorten tour dates the bigger they get?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Strategies for People With Roommates  Idea Description: For Amerisleep.Lets conduct a survey of people who have, or who have sufficiently recently had, roommates. No two people are the same, so well dive into some of the plans, strategies, agreements, and consolations people make to be able to co-exist with their roommates, where sleep is concerned.Well ask them to rate their sleep and their satisfaction with their roommates to see which approaches were helpful or harmful to sleep and or their relationship with their roommates/living situations. Things well address:- Room selection. - Did you pick your room because sunlight streams into the other room at sunrise? Or the room that was further from foot traffic or street noise? Or better insulated from sound? Or further from the living room/common area?- Temperature. - Did you prefer different sleeping temperatures? Who set the AC? Was it a point of contention?- Visitors. - Did you set a time when people couldnt come over anymore? Did anyone bend the rules? How often were they loud at night?- Loud music, TV, movies? - Were there any restrictions set regarding volume? Were they followed? How effective?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: DIY Car Repairs  Idea Description: Let 's survey people about basic car functions and ask whether they can do the following or know what the following is:- Can you change a flat tire?- Can you change your oil?- Can you change your windshield wipers?- etc.- Have you ever used a towing/car service to help you with these repairs? How frequently?- How much did you pay? (Americans would save $x/year if they learned how to change their own tires)Next section would be Do you know what the following symbols mean?We would display various symbols/alerts you see on cars when they need service and ask people to select what they mean (multiple choice). Additions from Joe: To make this great idea even more well rounded, we can look at the simple things people pay for that they could easily do themselves that they may not be aware off. For example, people will usually spend $40 for car filter and $40 for an air filter when they can get both for $10 and its a simple as opening your glove compartment to replace both. Also, if you learn to change bigger things like brakes, you can save thousands of dollars. That financial angle might put this over the top.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Role of AI in Employee Recruiting  Idea Description: An online survey of 484 human resource professionals by HR Research Institute and sponsored by Oracle found that in two years, 77 percent of HR organizations will be using AI for talent acquisition to some extent. - SHRMAI screening is enabling companies to find talent more quickly and more efficiently but some have voiced concerns. Proponents of AI screening suggest that the technology removes bias by cutting humans out of the process entirely. But some researchers are worried that these same systems can replicate that bias if left unchecked.In this campaign, we 'll survey 1,000 employees with a sufficient sample of human resource managers to understand what both groups believe is the role of AI and machine learning in the hiring process? How much power should AI have in the process? Do employees believe AI screening helps or hurts their employment chances? How many job seekers have researched tactics to improve their chances of believe selected by AI screening technology? Do employees believe AI is less biased than humans? What percentage of HR managers utilize AI screening and how confident are they in the technology?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Task Outsourcing and Relationships Over Generations  Idea Description: I was surprised to learn recently that, for a brief period in his 20s. my dad was a Van Guy - like a full-blown late 70s van guy. As a result, he became the de-facto friend everyone called to help them move for about 8 months of 1978. Much like us today, movers are often too expensive (or simply too bougie) for younger adults, so we rely on friends to help us out. Same with home improvments, getting a sober ride home from a long night out, etc.But how has this changed in a world where you can hire anyone to do anything from your phone, including getting on-the-fly movers that cost way less than professionals and save you from having to bother your friends? What did Boomers and Gen Xers do before they could demand everything from a hand-held supercomputer. For this campaign, well set a quota and get a big amount of boomers, xers, and millennials, and ask them all the same questions - How do they get different things like moving, needing a ride, holiday shopping, pet care, etc, done? How big is the actual shift from doing things ourselves or asking friends for help vs. just hiring an anonymous person to do it for us?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Now That Ive Got the Money...  Idea Description: When people go without, are they more likely to indulge once they have the opportunity to? For many people who went through tough financial times, it can be tough not to overdo it once you finally have the ability to treat yourself to things. This campaign would explore the relationship between past financial experiences and current financial habits through that lens. We would compare two groups of people (roughly speaking, those whove been poor and those who havent) on a variety of financial habits and perspectives within broad topics like: saving, spending, investing.Some questions we can ask: - Are people who grow up poor more likely to overspend once theyre making better money, or are they more likely to value their money? How does their appreciation for their purchases compare to those who dont? - How does spending by category vary between those groups? Does each group have different priorities, and what are they? - Which group is more or less likely to budget, track expenses, and check credit card statements? Which is more knowledgeable financially, and likely to follow good financial habits?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hacking Homeowners Insurance  Idea Description: As someone who recently had to purchase homeowners insurance, this idea is based off experience.Buying homeowners insurance complicated, there are lots of options, and its really hard (or impossible) to know if youre making the right choice. There are lots of articles about how to choose the right one, how to hack it with the right premiu,/deductibles, etc... and there doesnt seem to be a consensusFor this campaign, we would survey people about various aspects of their policies to determine: whos the most satisfied, what tradeoffs are and arent worth it, what claims are and arent worth filing, etc... with a broad goal of helping people make informed choices about their own homeowner;s insurance.Policy terms:Are high deductibles worth the risk? Is coverage for $X worth the extra cost? What are the areas where people are most likely to feel like they got screwed? How often do people renegotiate or shop around for new policies?Extra ways to save:Whats the ROI on hurricane windows vs shutters? Is your security system saving you money? Will doing X other things actually save you money in the long run?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Financial Help you Get vs. the Help you Give  Idea Description: How does the financial support we receive as a child/young adult influence the financial support we plan to give to our children? If you worked to pay for your education, are you under the impression your children should do the same?In this campaign, well compare and contrast the financial help we receive vs. the financial help we give.If a parent provided financial support for your education, housing, car, cellular plan, insurance, etc. how does it influence the likelihood you will do the same for your children? Is there guilt associated with not being able to financially help your children in the way you were? Did children feel guilty themselves as a result of receiving that financial help? Are there instances of people who have had their education paid for but refuse to do the same for their children? Or perhaps the reason you wish to pay for your childs education is because you understand the struggle it poses firsthand.As more millennial adults begin to start families of their own, well ask them to reflect on these not-too-distant experiences from when they may have been reliant on parental support.  <|endoftext|>"
