"Idea Title: Here Let me Scan you  Idea Description: How does going passwordless improve security? Well, if doesnt unless you use something better, something like biometric security. Real world takeaways and how we use biometric security already. Fingerprint authentication on your phone sound familiar? What about voice passwords? Fingerprints, retinal scans, heartrate tracking, voice these are all part of a new wave of authentication. Which industries will use it first you ask? Well the ones who need to be the most secure and have the most to loose. How much more secure is biometric authentication? Which are...Lets explore Via survey we want to uncover the common standpoint on biometric authentication like the basic finger print screen lock or those seen in sci-fi movies and futuristic magazines, voice analyzers, face scanners, implanted security pass chips. Is technology getting too personal with biometric authentication? How comfortable is the public with this new way of authentication? Do they have any specific concerns and which forms of authentication will be accepted first? Do they understand the advantages? ARE THEY READY FOR THE FUTURE?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Staying Calmer and Happier Long-Term During the Pandemic  Idea Description: During the pandemic, I felt that at the end of 2020, the pandemic would also be over; however, nine months later we are still here and on the verge of a second wave. So, this makes me wonder, how are people staying positive/calm/happy during these times? Well, first of all, what percentage have felt like that at some point this year?Lets explore how Americans are fighting to stay positive and happy. What are Americans holding on to to stay positive during covid? What percentage of Americans accept the fact that we have to live with a new normal for the foreseeable future? What percentage agrees with this easily and moves on? What percentage of Americans feel there is an end in sight to the pandemic?How are Americans trying to keep themselves calmer and positive long-term? Focusing on the reality now? Knowing the facts but staying flexible? Creating a sustainable routine? Engaging in something physical? Knowing its ok to be disappointed? Lets measure the stress and anxiety levels of people who dont give up and try to stay positive during COVID vs. those more pessimistic about this pandemics outcome.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Medical Tourism Amid the Pandemic  Idea Description: Before the pandemic cratered medical tourism practices, it was once a flourishing, global industry. From major travel restrictions to changes in how consumers felt about in-person service visits, the industry had to quickly adapt. Now, as the international population starts to get vaccinated, lets explore how medical plans changed and how consumers will approach them in the future.In this project, well collect responses from 1,000 people via a bespoke online survey platform on this topic. How comfortable are people with traveling for medical tourism at this time? What percentage are willing to get vaccinated for a medical tourism procedure? Are people against the idea of a vaccine passport? How many people had to cancel, or modify, medical tourism plans amid the pandemic? What is the most popular, and desired, procedure of the pandemic? What steps do medical providers have to take to make travelers feel comfortable? Are they more likely to go if travel incentives are provided? Whats the most popular medical tourism destination amid the pandemic? How many people are willing to quarantine for a procedure?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Second Jobbers  Idea Description: I'm always super impressed with people who work second jobs outside a 9-5. Even if it isn 't another full-time gig, spending your off hours doing more work is a lot for anyone to maintain - I can barely keep up a blog with my day job ... I just need some time to relax. So let 's do a survey on people with two jobs, find out what makes them tick, what drove them to their second job, whether one job is significantly more prestigious than their second, and examine the social aspect of it. Are you open about your second job with people at your 9-5? Do you tell your boss? How does your boss take it - as a \you don 't pay me enough or good for them making more . There 's also census and BLS data on people with more than 1 job that we could find good demo breakdowns and stats fromI also want to know about people in teh service industry, specifically what it 's like seeing coworkers or people you may know. That 's always so uncomfortable, if a coworker picks you up in an uber, or a friend is serving you coffee at starbucks. As a patron, I feel guilty, but perhaps people are taking great pride in that work?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Unlimited PTO  Idea Description: There 's an ongoing debate on Twitter about the efficacy of unlimited PTO, as what was once praised as the golden perk is now being viewed as a scam.In this project, let 's survey 1,000 employed people about their perceptions of unlimited PTO. What percentage of employees have a unlimited PTO policy? What is the ideal vacation policy to have? What is an acceptable amount of annual vacation time in the U.S.? What percentage of employees have received a warning, or even fired, for abusing unlimited PTO? Should employees be scrutinized for using their perks? How many days off should people with unlimited PTO policies actually take? Do employees feel bitter when their co-workers/managers take unlimited PTO because it creates more work for them? Simply, how many working Americans think unlimited PTO is a scam? Is it no longer a perk millennials, and other jobseekers value? What other perks should be offered during these tumultuous times instead? Do people think flextime caused the 100-hour workweek, or people working more to make up for lost time? How many employees are in favor of mandatory vacation days?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Best Cities and States for First Responders  Idea Description: This data is available in a few places. I suggest trying IPUMS CPS as it is the most recent (2019) and includes the widest range of other possible variables. For a more employment/salary focus, we should use the BLS OES (2018).--When our security or safety is threatened, Americas police officers and fire fighters respond without hesitation. When security alarms or systems are triggered, these personnel serve as our first line of defense. Despite their service though, low pay and poor health care conditions have driven many to the point of economic struggle.For ADT, well develop a comprehensive report of the U.S. first responder population identifying the cities and states that offer the highest salaries, best and worst employment rates, greatest health conditions, and much more.The U.S. Census Bureaus Current Population Survey will allow us to explore this data over time, by gender, age, and family status. Which states have seen the largest improvement in salary or employment over time? How do women first responder salaries compare to men? Which cities have the most first responders per capita?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: School Day Schedule & Sleep  Idea Description: Apparently, school schedules do not usually accommodate our daily routines. It starts too early, which goes against our sleep patterns, and also ends too soon, which becomes a problem for working parents. On several occasions, I have seen children outside with their parents waiting for the school bus while it is still dark, around 6 am. I cant help but wonder, at what time did that morning routine start? How much sleep did those children and parents got the night before? Also, if they start school that early, at what time do they get out of school? Kids leaving school early can become a pain for working parents because that leaves a daily gap of unsupervised time for many children, pushing their parents to find an affordable day or aftercare for their kids or to adjust their working schedule. On the other hand, if children start school at a later time, that means, after finishing all their homework and afterschool activities, they would most probably go to sleep too late and so do parents. So, the bottom line is that we are stuck with an illogical school schedule, and we have to work around it.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Healthcare and digital security  Idea Description: With recent hacker attacks on a variety of Western infrastructures (https://www.pinsentmasons.com/out-law/analysis/cyber-attacks-healthcare-europe), we could take a a closer look at digital security in healthcare settings. Using statista data as our starting point, we could survey IT professionals about their thoughts on cyber security issues, threats, and solutions when it comes to healthcare. Additionally, we could also target the general population to find out their sentiments on digital security in healthcare, and how worried they are about their healthcare data. https://www.statista.com/statistics/854906/cyber-security-risk-assessments-components-in-health-organization-in-us/https://www.statista.com/statistics/856300/cyber-security-budget-share-in-health-organization-in-us/https://www.statista.com/statistics/852243/recent-security-incident-in-health-organization-threat-actors-share-in-us/https://www.statista.com/statistics/1237131/cybersecurity-incidents-in-healthcare-organizations-us/https://www.statista.com/statistics/1237198/targets-of-cyber-security-incidents-in-healthcare-in-the-us/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Life Changing Magic of Tidying Up Other People  Idea Description: Many of my Porch ideas revolve around my oddball roommate, and this one is no exception. Currently in my apartment: 5 oxygen tanks, an unused surfboard/skateboard/6-man raft/full glassblowing studio, unopened model airplane kits from over 20 years ago, 2 VCRs, and 17 (I counted) pieces of home made cat furniture. Ive been strategically leaving the Marie Kondo book around the apartment for weeks now and its yet to be picked up, and odds are that this is just how it will be until the lease is up.So for this idea, lets find out about the life-changing magic of tidying up after others: First, how many people have been annoyed by the amount of stuff a roommate, partner, parent, etc have had? What methods did they try to improve the situation (cleaned up for them or directly confronted the person or just threw things out). Did it strain the relationship, and how? What type of stuff is around most frequently, and what type of stuff is actually the most insufferable? What was the eventual endgame? How different is this among demographics? How much more are people annoyed by others clutter vs their own?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Generation Burnout  Idea Description: There was a Buzzfeed long-read about how Millennials are the burnout generation so I\d love to run a simple survey on both life/job burnout and satisfaction and see how it differs by generation (and income or industry if we so desire) I did an asset on burnout for freelancers vs full time office workers in a Porch project and it did pretty well, so I\d love to see an overall look at burnout and life/job satisfaction. Quick and easy, questions on satisfaction in your job and in your life, how many jobs you have currently (just to get a quick stat on possibly how many millennials have a second or third job) how much free time they have (with free time being time where you can effectively do something other than work) and how burned out they feel in their current job situation and in life (burned out defined as feeling of physical or emotional exhaustion due to stress) and compare the levels across demographics like income, generation, and gender. How many hours a week do millennials work as compared to other generations? (we would combine hours worked across all jobs or side-gigs they may have)  <|endoftext|>"
