"Idea Title: How do you haggle?  Idea Description: From calling the dealership instead of showing up in person to visiting a dealership significantly outside of your city limits, what lengths have Americans gone to to get a good deal on their car purchase?How many people shop around for their auto loan from their credit union or bank instead of just taking the one offered to them by the dealership? How many people save up and put at least 20% down before purchasing their car so they will need less financing. How many people instead of rolling their loan fees, taxes and addons into their loan paid it upfront to lower their monthly car paymentHow many people waited to get their credit up before purchasing their carHow many people did research on their vechile via KellyBlue book or other sites to determine the cost of ownership. How many people calcuated their monthly car payments before buying their car?We can also ask how satisfied they are with their purchase, how they use their car, (work, family car,) etc? How much are they paying each much?Lets survey people who have bought cars to find out what type of research, situations and  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When Your Partner is Like Your Parent  Idea Description: Its long been proposed that people are drawn to partners with certain traits, qualities, and characteristics similar to those of their parents. According to psychologists and research studies, this is a common phenomenon and many people are unconsciously drawn to partners in this way. In a study by the University of Iowa, researchers even found that people are drawn to partners who make similar career choices as their parents.Lets explore this topic further through a survey of 1,000 people to uncover trends, experiences, and perceptions of how your romantic preferences reflect the qualities or traits of a mother or father.How many people are consciously aware that they seek out partners with similar traits to their mother or father? How many people are currently in a relationship with a partner who is similar? At what point did you realize? In what ways is your partner or parent most similar? Temperament? Career? Appearance? Values? Do they criticize you in a similar fashion? Or are they supportive in the same way? And in general, do you view their similarities as a positive or a negative?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Economic Impacts of Privacy Preferences  Idea Description: I read a stat in The Hustle that 95% of iOS users opted out of data tracking when given the option by Apple in the new update. This is expected to have profound effects on Facebook and Instagram advertisers who rely on that data for ad targeting.For this campaign, well explore that topic from the perspective of small business owners, marketers, and others in the know on the advertising side of things. Well run a complimentary survey of users to gauge their feelings about the topic.How many marketers have noticed the impact? How are they responding? How have key performance indicators like CPA and CTR changed as a result? What strategies are they employing? How many are changing their ad targeting, their ad platform, or other crucial aspects of their marketing strategy?On the consumer side of things, how many people prefer targeted ads despite not wanting to be tracked? Given the option between personalized ads and random ads, how many people would prefer personal ads? Do they support a middle ground or acceptable amount of tracking that protects privacy while still enabling targeted ads?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hiring and Managing a Remote Team  Idea Description: Remote working is made possible by a combination of technological advances and the will of employers to innovate and try new things. Companies are coming to realize that software exists that doesnt just make remote working possible, but makes it more productive and worthy of investigation. By 2022, the SaaS market is expected to reach $164.29 billion, according to Transparency Market Research. Emerging SaaS-funding companies are also indicative of this rapidly growing market.We can survey remote workers and hiring managers about the technology used by remote employees at their company. We could start out with a general outlook and use a survey to get responses from hiring managers about how they choose remote candidates. We can ask about the biggest challenges that come from hiring remote employees. We could connect it to a tech angle by asking them about how SaaS and other technology have changed the way we work. Including the pros and cons of using tech like this to connect employees from all over. We can also ask them about the one thing they would change about remote employee technology.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Your Employer Thinks of Your Side Hustle  Idea Description: As the gig economy has continued to grow, it seems like everyone and their mother has a side hustle or is freelancing on the side. While this is a great way to make some extra cash and potentially flex some skills that normally sit dormant in your day job, it also can get a bit dicey with your full-time employer.For this survey, let 's explore how employers feel about full-time employees freelancing or moonlighting after hours. Are they generally supportive of this as long as it doesn 't interfere with an employee 's work performance? Is it a don 't-ask-don 't-tell situation? Can employees get fired for freelancing on the side? Do employers have any hard and fast rules about freelancing, like it 's ok as long as the work is being done in a different industry?We\d survey managers/employers about their views on employees freelancing outside of their normal office hours to see how feel and how they deal with employees who choose to do this. We could also run a smaller supplementary survey to get the employee side of things -- have any of them been fired from a full-time job for freelancing?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Blockchain Gaming  Idea Description: Inspiration: https://cointelegraph.com/news/crypto-seems-ready-to-solve-gaming-industrys-microtransaction-dilemmaAs online transactions have gradually become an integral part of the global gaming ecosystem, the past few years have also seen the advent of a new payment avenue for in-game purchases: virtual currencies. The idea was first brought to life back in 2017, a time when the industry as a whole was surging and the price of Bitcoin (BTC) was at its all-time high of nearly $20,000.For this campaign, let 's poll 1,000 gamers of all sorts on their perceptions of blockchain integration in the realm of video games and esports. There 's already several crypto-platforms popular amongst the gaming community that charge in crypto for game-related content or apparel. This study would seek to explore the sentiment towards the shift and how it would benefit the gaming experience altogether. What percentage of gamers would buy video game crypto? For which games or platforms, specifically? From DLC to apparel and in-game upgrades, how would crypto-enthusiasts invest their coins? Let 's find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Moving Off Your Parents Financial Dripline  Idea Description: For many of my friends and I, as we enter the workplace for our first times and begin making our own money, it 's the first time we\re moving off of the financial dripline our parents provided us with previously (aka, they paid for everything). They dealt with all of the bills, went along with our excessive spending, didn 't tell us no, and made everything so easy for us. While that was very helpful in allowing us to totally focus on our studies and building up fun experiences, it 's left us to play catchup with the financial savviness/skills we should 've had a long time ago. Let 's survey 1,000 young folk (and even baby boomers/parents) about this phenomena. How much do generations think millennials need to get it together financially, and how spoiled do they perceive us? What reasons do parents use in providing/not providing a financial dripline? How do millennials who had to pay for things on their own/had everything provided for them perceive themselves and each other (i.e. privileged, resourceful, independent, dependent, etc.)? How difficult/overwhelming is the learning curve actually?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pursuing Goals vs. Watching Netflix  Idea Description: It a common occurrence for people to use Netflix/other streaming services to avoid having to do things in their finances, careers, relationships, household chores, and health. It a quick and easy outlet for procrastination, yet there must be effects that add up if it abused. Let survey 1,000 people across generations and levels of success about the extent that they use Netflix do divert their attention and energy away from things that a) they need to do and b) would make them more successful. How much streaming do successful vs. unsuccessful people watch? What percent of people have been late on their finances because they procrastinated by watching shows? Even if theyre not late, what percent practice unhealthy financial behaviors? How does excessive watching of shows affect relationships (i.e. avoiding problems in the relationship? Not communicating? Being less interested in spending time with their SO in more meaningful ways?) Lower sex frequency and satisfaction? How does health satisfaction and behaviors compare between people who watch a ton of shows vs. people who dont?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Why Did You Go to College?  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would do an in-depth analysis of the reasoning behind crucial college decisions.We would primarily look at why people went to college in the first place, and why they chose the major that they did. We could also compare the reasoning to the results - How are success, satisfaction, college experience, etc.. affected by the reason? If necessary, it could be expanded to include masters degrees (a common joke is that they do it to delay loan payments)While it may initially seem pretty basic, I really think that there is a lot to unpack here, especially if we get into the nuance within the broad topics and really get at WHY people make the decisions they do, and how they FEEL about those decisions and the outcomes those decisions led to.How many people felt like society expected them to go to college? How many felt like their parents did? What about the choices that your friends made? Among people who choose a difficult major because their parents pressure them; are they more or less likely to succeed? How does enthusiasm about attending college correlate to success?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employee-Manager Relationships During COVID-19  Idea Description: Copied over from Paychex 4/30 ideation - Joey---As many employees try to adjust to remote work, their communication and relationship with their manager becomes more important than ever.For this campaign, lets explore both sides of the employee-manager relationship with a split survey of both populations. We can ask about what is/isnt working from both perspectives. Do employees wish they had more direct/frequent communication from their supervisor? Do they find it more difficult to have communication with their supervisor be solely digital? Has the pandemic-fueled work changes made their relationship with their supervisor better or worse?Conversely, what do managers say are the most difficult parts of managing an entirely remote team? Are they less productive on their tasks and projects because theyre spending more time communicating with their employees?Well secure a sample of both employees working onsite and remotely during COVID-19 as another possible element to compare. Which work situation had the most positive or negative effects to your relationship with your manager?  <|endoftext|>"
