"Idea Title: Red Flags of Ride Sharing  Idea Description: When you get into a Uber or Lyft, you are placing yourself in a possibly very vulnerable situation. There are so many horror stories, just two weeks ago, a young woman got in a car she thought was her Uber and was murdered. Another Uber driver went back to rob a woman 's home after dropping her off at the airport. What situations have Uber drivers put passengers in that made them feel uncomfortable? What behaviors make people uncomfortable (further break this down by sex of passenger and sex of Uber driver). Talk too much? Stop at a gas station en route to your destination? Purposely take a longer route? Ask you if you were going home? Talked about drugs? Kept taking swigs from a bottle? What sex is more likely to report what types of behaviors made them uncomfortable? What do people do when they feel their uber driver is making them uncomfortable? Do women feel more comfortable if the driver is also female? This idea and data would lead way to providing readers with actionable advice to protect themselves and ride safely while in a shared ride. **I'm using uber to mean ride share  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Parenting Priorities  Idea Description: How often do parents have to leave work in the middle of the day or early to pick up their kids from school? For their current job, did they discuss their hours with their boss so they worked around when they needed to drop off/pick up their kid/kids from school? How does the relationship between parent and child change based on the parents priorities of work vs kid? How many parents have had to skip an event in their kids lives because of work? What kind of event was it, and how important? If a parent needs to leave work for something for their child, do they outright tell their boss the reason, or do they lie? How understanding is their boss when it comes to you leaving early/working from home/calling out of work for something for your kids?How willing are you to stay home from work when your kid is sick vs how likely is your boss to let you stay home for that reason? Are parents ever afraid theyll be fired if they leave early too often for their kids? Parental would you rather: work vs kidsstay late for a client meeting or go to your kids championship sports game?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: UK Passenger Rail Service Complaints  Idea Description: Let 's take a look at the UK Passenger Rail Service Complaints.https://dataportal.orr.gov.uk/media/1656/passenger-rail-service-complaints-2019-20-q2.pdfThe new data was just released today!! for the beginning of 2020. (data goes back to 2016)Quarterly statistics on the volume and cause of complaints made to train operating companies, infrastructure managers and passenger watchdogs along with statistics on how well train operating companies respond to complaints. This data forms part of ORR 's core consumer data requirements from train operating companies; more information can be found at ORR core data Data also includes passenger satisfaction with complaint handlingWe could also include a supplemental survey to get a better look at Brits\ experiences traveling by train -- or rail service. This could include write ins on topics like craziest things they 've seen, worst delay they 've experienced, etc. We could also ask their reasons for taking the train, how easy it is to navigate/travel on, how much they value it, and how often they travel by train for leisure getaways.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Freelancing Relationships  Idea Description: Being a freelancer is appealing to many people. But what do people miss out on in terms of building relationships? How does being an individual worker affect them? How many people have joined freelancing teams because of this missed feeling of teamwork and being cared about.What about continuing to work with clients? How many freelancers have dropped clients because they felt like their client didnt care about them and the relationship?How many people have had really great experiences where clients have invested in them as a freelancer and made them really feel valued and part of the team. How does this affect productivity for the freelancer?How many clients do you drop because of how they treat you?Which of the following factors are likely to make you go above and beyond for your clients?Has a client ever offered additional training/education resources for you to grow?on average how long do you stay with a client?what factors contribute to how long you stay with a client?To what extent do you miss/regret working on a team and not freelancing?what do you miss most?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Time Change Blues  Idea Description: When you travel from one timezone to another, that can REALLY mess up your sleep schedule. (We can also include the yearly time change in this if we want, with an option for my area doesn 't participate in daylight savings since that 's a thing) How do you acclimate to your new time zone? Do you use a sleep aid to help you pass out at your destination? Do you sleep on the plane/car ride there? Do you stay up for the rest of the day/night? We can do this by the length of the time change (are you travelling to somewhere 12 hours ahead of your time? or 3 hours behind?) What types of time changes are the easiest/hardest to sleep after? How does your ability to sleep due to the time change affect your overall vacation enjoyment/experience? Do you turn into a little zombie due to lack of sleep? (I met a woman at a 10k who had flown in from CA the day prior and was trying to wake up for a 4AM EST run) We can even dive into how the timezone change affects you coming back from travel (are you waking up 3 hours early for work bc your body is still on the other place 's time?)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hotel Elevator Swab  Idea Description: Ryan mentioned the client is interested in a swab idea related to hotels.--Tangential to sleep, let 's conduct a swab experiment examining germ counts on elevator buttons. We 've taken a look at a lot of germ experiments for a variety of surfaces. Elevator buttons are one of surfaces most commonly come in contact with that we have yet to explore.What floor is the dirtiest? My hypothesis is that the ground floor button will be the dirtiest as it is the most commonly used. With enough samples, we could create a heatmap of germ counts as the buttons appear on the elevator button panel.Another possible angle we could explore is whether you come into contact with more germs by taking the elevator than taking the stairs (swabbing door handles and stair rails).To take this to another level... I 've always wanted to use our swabs to grow a petri dish sample. Although they\re grossness isn 't relative to how dirty a particular surface may be, they definitely make an impression and are relatively easy to do.https://www.stevespanglerscience.com/lab/experiments/growing-bacteria/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Career Advice by Generation  Idea Description: In the same vein as https://www.nitrocollege.com/research/financial-advice-by-generation, lets conduct a survey of 1,000 employed and retired people in the U.S. to hear out the best career advice along generational lines. First, well identify the top career questions younger generations (Gen Zers + millennials) want to be answered and juxtapose those responses next to the common advice theyve actually received. What is the top piece of advice older generations (Gen Xers + baby boomers) wished they received as a young professional? What is the most valuable advice older folks would provide to the rising generations of the workforce? Is it to directly talk to the people who have the job you want? Should younger generations quit their current job if theyre unhappy? Do they recommend to job hop every 3-5 years? What percentage of Gen Zers and millennials believe that the older generations have antiquated views? How many welcome their experience and career wisdom? Do young professionals feel as if theyre entering the workforce unprepared? Are they unsure where to look for career advice?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: College Sports Spending  Idea Description: Just an example from the 2008 College Football: http://www.espn.com/college-sports/revenue/_/sort/studentsCollege Football season is one of the busiest sports seasons of the year -- many students even choose their college based on the success of their football teams (FAUs application rate rapidly increased following the success of Lane Kiffin and the Owls). But how much money is actually spent on the success of these football programs, between both students and the University. Ticket sales, student fees, money from players at other universities, college donations, media finances (tv, radio), apparel, etc. How many students care more about their football team than they do athletics? Do they notice the hidden athletic fees on their tuition -- do they care to pay it as long as their team makes it to a championship game? How much money have students spent on football tickets/tailgating activities/game clothing? Which conferences are students/universities spending the most money? Big 10? Conference USA? Which college team has spent the most money on their football team over the past few years  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Maintaining Work/Life Balance During COVID-19  Idea Description: Copied over from Paychex 4/30 ideation - Joey---For this idea well revamp the highly successful work/life balance campaign for Paychex from 2017, with a new COVID angle taking a post mortem look at how remote employment has blurred the lines between home and work life. Total DF 1,231.This campaign will aim to reevaluate the state of employee work/life balance and the ways in which COVID-19 has disrupted this balance OR perhaps even improved it. Well back up this data by quantifying the specific impact on peoples lives.How many more weekends are employees working since COVID-19? Have they found they are more likely to work overtime or continue working beyond the usual work day period? What are the top contributing factors to work/life balance disruptions? How much more do employees value their work/life balance since COVID-19?Well compare various demographics including generation, work from home status, employer size, satisfaction with work/life balance before COVID-19, employee level, essential vs. nonessential workers, experience of reduced hours or compensation, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Living at Work  Idea Description: Everyone is familiar with Google offering everything from an adult playground, to in-house nurses to the famed nap pods. Technically, you have everything you need for day to day life within the Googleplex. Likewise, large companies in Japan have started offering to pay workers to take naps on the job to recharge and recover. While these are unusual situations now, would workers be up for having them be more common place? Let 's survey people currently in the workforce to gauge their sentiments on this. How do they feel about work campuses that offer all the amenities? Would they stay to work longer? Would they still feel compelled to venture outside of the complex less or more? Would these kinds of amenities hurt/help their productivity? We could also see how people 's commute affects their feelings. Would people with long commutes still be up for the ability to sleep at the office or would they still go back to the comfort of their own home.Are our respondents all for hustle til you make it culture or do they subscribe to the belief there needs to be a work/life separation.  <|endoftext|>"
