"Idea Title: When Do You Peak Financially?  Idea Description: Everyone has their own unique story for how their finances have fluctuated throughout their lifetime, and much of this is in accordance with what priorities they had at different stages of their lifetime (both personally and financially), the types of jobs they were going after, their financial knowledge and implementation of that knowledge, and even different personality characteristics that play into how much people value success and financial savviness.Let survey 1,000 people about when they peaked financially, what played into that, what are the strategies they used in terms of credit cards, investing, loans, etc. to get them to that point, what was going on before/during/after that fueled them to reach their peak, and how their attitudes towards making money/success have changed throughout their lifetime. What the demographic breakdown of financial peaking? What motivates people to get their finances running at full speed, and what slows them down? How do personality characteristics and values affect when you peak? What financial strategies do people implement, and when?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Job Hunting Using your Social Network  Idea Description: Social media has evolved the way in which job seekers hunt for their next big move. In this project, lets survey 1,000 people whove recently landed a job as well as those currently looking for a new job to see how social media elevated their experience. Well kick this one off by identifying the most popular social media platforms for job hunting. Sure, LinkedIn is likely to rank #1 but what percentage have had luck using Twitter, Instagram, or TikTok? Whats more, we can dive deeper into those using LinkedIn to unearth its benefits and pitfalls. What features do people take advantage of? How many people havent heard back from a LinkedIn job post? How does time spend on job hunting vary by social media platform used? What tactics are hopeful candidates using to stand out to employers on social media? How does sentiment vary along generational lines? We can also survey a subset of hiring managers to get their thoughts on using social media while job searching. Which platforms are popular in 2021? Whats their preferred method of outreach? Should candidates remove certain posts?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Agility vs. Strength. Which One Is More Successful in the NFL?  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets explore NFL Combine stats of the fastest and strongest players in recent years in different positions and see who has been more successful in their careers. We could focus on two stats of the combine to make it easier: 40 yards and bench press. Is it better to be fast or strong in X position in the NFL?To determine who have been more successful, we will focus on these stats:For QBs: Passes completed, percentage of passes completed, yards gained by passing, passing touchdowns and %, first down passing, longest completed pass thrown, rushing yards, and rushing touchdowns.For running backs: Rushing yards gained, rushing touchdowns, first down rushing, longest rushing attempts, rushing yards per attempt, rushing yards per game.For wide receivers: Numer of receptions, receiving yards, first downs receiving, yards before catch per reception, yards after catch, broken tackles on receptions, receptions per broken tackle.For all of them, lets look at stats like team record in games started by a particular player, number of pro bowls, and Super Bowls.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Not Like My Parents  Idea Description: Per a suggestion from Team OTC, we 'll flip an idea they executed for Care.com about turning into your parents to explore the inverse instead.--There are endless lessons to be learned from our parents. The guidance and teachings passed down help to shape us into the kind of people we are today. But what about the lessons or behaviors they didn 't quite get right? Could there be more value in the insights learned from our parent 's mistakes, rather than their successes?Let 's conduct a survey of 1k people to explore the ways in which we have vowed to be different than our parents. I 'll be less frugal. My work won 't be my life. I 'll be more attentive to my children. I\d be a better husband/wife. I 'll take better care of my health.Do you find more value in their lessons or their mistakes? What do we strive to do differently than a father compared to a mother? At what do we realize we want to be different than a parent and does this necessarily influence our relationships with parents?Inspiration: https://www.care.com/c/stories/15913/im-turning-into-my-momdad/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: WFH Hygiene  Idea Description: I forgot to brush my teeth the other day. I got up, got to work, and completely forgot to brush my teeth. Yes, I did wear this shirt yesterday. Maybe I wore it the day before too.For this campaign, well explore all of the ways that people are letting things slip now that theyre working from home, particularly in terms of being hygienic and presentable. Well also look for correlations between productivity and how far people are letting themselves go.What percentage of people are: wearing the same clothes, wearing pajamas, not brushing their hair until they have a video call, forgetting to brush their teeth, skipping showers, not shaving, etc...? Do people believe/worry that forgetting or outright skipping these things is having a mental effect on their productivity at work?Are people who keep the routine performing better at work? Does taking a shower, doing your hair, and putting on a nice outfit to WFH correlate with higher satisfaction, focus, or productivity? What do those people believe the benefits are? (puts them in the right mindset, aspect of self care, etc..)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Unemployment and PPP by State  Idea Description: There has been a bit of chatter about whether the PPP loans that were distributed went primarily to the midwest instead of the coasts, based on this chart provided by Evercore data: https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2020-sba-paycheck-protection-program/It brings into question whether or not the PPP distribution did its job to help America keep jobs or not. Using BLS data on unemployment changes by state ( https://www.bls.gov/news.release/laus.nr0.htm) what if we explored unemployment by state as well as the numbers on money distributed to small businesses by the PPP? In an initial search, I couldnt find the exact dollar about of PPP loans distributed, however in this post by the Motley Fool, its clear that its on the SBA somewhere. https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/04/21/a-lookback-on-ppp-including-which-states-fared-the.aspxDid PPP approvals and amounts lead to more or less unemployment? Where did PPP do nothing? If we look at the total amount of money in PPP distributed, and created a per capita calculation, would we see trends if we mapped that across the U.S.?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Our Better Angels, Traffic Edition  Idea Description: Steven Pinker The Better Angels of Our Nature was a fairly exhaustive argument highlighting that, relatively speaking, we live in pretty much the safest and least violent time in human history. This is true on the road, too - since the freewheelin 1960s (the overall bloodiest time on the road) or the early days of the automobile (when accident rates per capita were ludicrously high) virtually every metric associated with injury, death, and intoxication on the road has gone down relative to the total volume of drivers on the road. For this campaign, let combine data sources giving us traffic deaths, dui-related deaths, dui arrests, and serious traffic accidents over the last several decades, then scale it by the number of miles Americans drive on the road according to data hosted by the St. Louis Fed (https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/M12MTVUSM227NFWA)Many of the most dramatic reductions in these data coincide with new laws coming into effect (seat belts, drinking age, etc), so we would have plenty to go on for callouts and ways to make the data interesting.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Throttled  Idea Description: Resubmitting for this ideation. Newsworthy because AT&T was fined $60 million for throttling in early November.AT&T fined $60 million for throttling unlimited data plans- The Verge 11/5/2019VPNs may be your best weapon against internet throttling - CNET--At one point of another, everyone has suspected that their internet has been throttled by their ISP or mobile data provider. While it 's difficult to know for sure, it 's very likely that your suspicions have been correct, on at least a few occasions.In this idea, let 's conduct a survey looking at how commonly users believe throttling occurs, the top sites they believe are being throttled, and the steps they have taken to avoid slower throttled internet speeds.How does one 's suspicion of data throttling vary by their usage habits or the sites they are accessing? How many have found success utilizing a VPN? at what point in their data usage do they begin to notice throttling? How many attribute issues with video streaming or gaming to being throttled? Is there such thing as truly unlimited data plans.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Physically Demanding Jobs and Sleep Study  Idea Description: Some sleep scientists have agreed that the more physically demanding your job is, the higher the chances youre not receiving the CDC-backed recommended amount of sleep per night.For this campaign, lets survey 1,000 participants who work physically demanding jobs to determine whether this theory is true or not. Using a list compiled by BusinessInsider (https://www.businessinsider.com/most-active-jobs-in-america#26-tie-tire-repairers-and-changers-1), lets target employees in these physically demanding occupations and group them into three groups: low activity, moderate activity, and high activity. From here, well be able to find how physical labor translates into more, less, or perfect sleep quality. Additional takeaways will include the average time it takes to doze off, number of times they wake during the night, life satisfaction & stress measures as well as an overview of their health. Additionally, we can either run a supplemental survey or pull results from a previous project to draw comparisons against office workers who exert less energy throughout the workday.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Saying No to More Work  Idea Description: Tie-in to employee wellness, work-life balance, and self-care.--Are you a yes man or yes woman at work? Some employees thrive in supportive roles. They are the person everyone comes to for help and advice. They are reliable, dependable, and are eager to please. While taking on more tasks can reflect a strong work ethic, it can also easily lead to burnout and stress. So how do employees know when to say no to more work?How much harder is it to say no to more work since COVID? Are you feeling more burned out than usual? Are you accepting more work due to the current job market and risk of job loss?How many employees feel guilty about declining to take more work? Do employees who have trouble turning down work feel more stressed, less productive, and more unsatisfied at work? What percentage of your day is spent helping others with their own work (outside of your own job responsibilities)? At what job level or for how long at a company until you feel comfortable declining work? Who are you comfortable declining work from; your boss? Your supervisor? A coworker?  <|endoftext|>"
