"Idea Title: Health at Home  Idea Description: Now that we are at home more often, what are some of the things at home that could be posing risks to our health? Between lead in the water, unclean air filters, and possible mold, how many people go through the hoops for clean air and clean water, and how many dont think about it? For those living in rental homes, how many are concerned about things like lead and asbestos, hidden mold or water quality? Poor ventilation or even backlash from their landlord about requesting certain issues be looked at? For this project, well explore health hazards at home using a survey of renters and homeowners, from urban to rural environments, pet owners or non-pet owners. How many have had issues with clean water, air, ventilation? How common is it to do at-home testing? And how many residents received shocking test results, and what did they do? (I once showed by landlord a picture of a bloom of black mold that I found underneath some bubbled up paint next to my fireplace, and he tried to blame me for not reporting water leaking in the chimney. The entire fireplace had to be removed).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bad Behavior and Lascivious Language on Twitch Comment Streams  Idea Description: For this project, well look to the campaign currently been produced for lawsuit.com for inspiration. Well scrape the comment section of Twitch live streamers from people of different genders and races, comparing frequency of offensive language used towards streamers of different backgrounds and appearances.We can use this to look at differences in language use between players with and without makeup. Can we find a correlation between the success of female streamers and the appearance of cleavage and otherwise revealing attire and the number of subscribers? Viewers sometimes mock women for sexualizing themselves for views, claiming that its unnecessary, cheap, and offers no advantages. Most of us know better and suspect otherwise. Lets quantify this. Other than profanity, we can look at terms of flattery and ones alluding to physical beauty and sexualization to quantify how much more women receive such commentary in comparison to men. Bonus Round: Which male Twitch streamer is most sexualized, based off of common terms people use to sexualize men on the platform.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Remote Onboarding and Training  Idea Description: How are remote companies onboarding and training new employees? Is it working? What challenges are employees and employers facing?While working for a remote company has some pretty sweet upsides, there are also some obvious downsides that are coming to light. In a recent article I read (Ill look for a link) business owners were lamenting the difficulty of onboarding, training, and developing new and junior employees while remote. For example: new job basics, like leaning over to a coworker for a quick question or looking over somebodys shoulder, come with added levels of complexity.For this campaign, well survey two groups of people: new and junior employees, and supervisors/managers. What struggles is each group experiencing or perceiving? What methods are they using and which ones have been effective? How do new and junior employees feel about the ways this may impact their ability to learn the job or grow quickly in the company? How do managers/supervisors feel about their ability to develop new employees, and what struggles have they experienced with onboarding?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gambling on Crypto?  Idea Description: Some crypto enthusiasts will tell you that Doge is just a waste of your money and time, though it has a ton of hype right now thanks to a recent spike in value. Most crypto enthusiasts will tell you it 's just a meme. That being said, Ethereum and Bitcoin are considered apples and oranges to things like Doge and other hyped altcoins, offering functionality with its technology. Let 's use a survey of Crypto enthusiasts and noobs, ranging in their knowledge of crypto to explore sentiment surrounding crypto and which coins are a gamble and which they prize as long-tail investments. How many of these investors are just trying to turn a quick buck and how many are planning on sitting on their coins, and for how long do they think they 'll wait before cashing in? How much have they invested so far in each? We 'll also explore how how crypto investor sentiment has changed: when they were first introduced to Ethereum, how many scoffed at it and didn 't take it as a serious investment opportunity? How long did they sit on knowledge of certain currencies before they made a move?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Beaches Belong to the People  Idea Description: I was planning a leisurely New Year Day at the beach and, knowing parking would be rough at my usual haunts, decided to venture further north. Big mistake, because there is precious little publicly available beach much further north than Boynton, since it mostly blocked off by condos and private homes. As a stalwart member of the proletariat, I found this frustrating: The beach should belong to the people!Turns out my sentiment is shared by Surfrider Foundation, a nonprofit with a big stake in public beach access. Their website includes state reports for every coastal state, including a summary of how much of the coastline can be accessed by the public. For this project, let go through Beachpedias combined data and figure out how much of each state coastline is publicly available. This would allow us to do a simple ranking of most and least restricted coastal states. We could also pull a handful of data on the wealthiest beach counties (Palm beach here, Orange County in California, etc) to see how much higher it is in these areas than the state average.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: From Passion to Profession: The ROI of Hobbies  Idea Description: The age of COVID-19 was a catalyst for the American hobbyist. While millions were shocked by the stay at home advisory, hobbyist saw this as their opportunity to indulge. In this campaign, well survey over 1,000 Americans with high-end hobbies ranging from playing and/or collecting guitars, wine connoisseurs, watch collectors, sneaker-heads, and more. Within this idea, we can explore a few different angles ranging from the cost of entry, the progression of their skill or collection, and the ROI of various levels of money spent. Using this data we can identify the most expensive hobbies, the average cost of keeping a hobby, and the hobbies with the highest ROI.Whats more, well explore which hobbyists have turned their hobby into a side business alongside their career. How much, on average, are hobbyists profiting from their passion projects? When do they find time to work on their side hustles? How many admit their passion faded as they began to profit? What are the top side hustles in 2021? How many people intend to turn their hobby into a side hustle this year?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Similarities/Disparities Between Perceptions of the Ideal Body in America by Race and Age  Idea Description: Growing up, I was on the higher end of the acceptable BMI chart physicians try to shame you with. Be careful, he\d always admonish and warn me that I was approaching the overweight category for my height. However, I felt attractive at that weight and was validated by family and friends of ethnic groups with similar ideas of what is attractive. Since losing a lot of weight and settling at one that would make my rude doctor finally satisfied, I 've been trying to regain it--which confuses my current friends of different ethnicities. It would be interesting to further explore this concept and see how it permeates through American culture in general, especially with the rise of hip-hop culture and icons like the Kardashians shifting American ideals. We can look at how these perceptions have converged and diverged along racial and generational lines in the country. This would be interesting to look at gender wise as well--if we\re looking for our women to be smaller, are we looking for our men to be as well? Or is there an inverse relationship between what genders desire.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Uber/Lyft: Best/Worst practices  Idea Description: Since ADT has a partnership with Lyft/Uber, I think it could be interesting to do a study on best/worst practices, according to drivers and riders. I think we could have a regional angle too by including which cities utilize the most safety precautions when using a ride-sharing service, or which state has the highest average fares or best/worst tippers. It would be interesting to see what the most popular ways to ensure safety are. Do you ask the driver who theyre for? Do you check the plate, or do you share your ride status with a friend? Do you call a friend for the duration of the ride? How many people are comfortable riding alone, and what are the most common reasons people use a ride-sharing service over driving themselves? (Drinking, poor parking options, convenience, price) Conversely, what do drivers think are the most commonly seen safety precautions?Other best/worst practices could be do you tip your driver? What are the biggest dos/donts for passengers, according to drivers? What generations are most comfortable using ride-sharing services?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Slipping City Popularity?  Idea Description: The global pandemic has upended a lot of commonly held beliefs and desires. One way were seeing this play out is with growing skepticism/unease around city living. Major metro areas like NYC, LA, and Miami have become major pandemic hotspots at various times throughout the crisis. There have actually been many news stories about New Yorkers fleeing the city to live elsewhere because city living just isnt worth it with all the impacts from the pandemic. Even speaking from personal experience: Ive been looking at moving to Chicago or Seattle in the next year or two, but theyre looking way less enticing now given all the issues they had with the pandemic and thinking about the potential for future health emergencies.For this campaign, lets explore public sentiment on rural vs. suburban vs. city living. Are people more open to moving to the suburbs or a rural area than they were previously? Are people rethinking moves they had planned? When will people feel safe/see value in city living again? How many people say theyre looking to move out of a city right now?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of a Cashless Society  Idea Description: From the rising payment volume on apps like Venmo to the simple convenience of reloading your Starbucks with the swipe of a touchscreen, the sense of becoming cashless\ in the near future is inevitable. For this campaign, let 's survey 1,000 Americans around their perceptions of a cashless society to explore the benefits as well as implications of not accepting cash as a form of payment. Do people believe convenience and increased security for vendors and consumers are the top benefits of going cashless? How many people only carry credit cards with them? What are the pros and cons of becoming dependent on a digital payment? Is the fear of digital systems crashing real? Are people willing to place all of their trust in a digital bank that is susceptible to hacks? Are the psychological implications about cash encouraging self-control and credit cards encouraging spending truly understood? Let 's leverage a few validated scales to beef up our findings and comparisons to see how opinions vary by financial well-being, educational attainment, and spending/saving habits.  <|endoftext|>"
