"Idea Title: Political Speech in the Workplace  Idea Description: Earlier this month, Wired dropped this [massive piece](https://www.wired.com/story/inside-google-three-years-misery-happiest-company-tech/) that chronicles the division that has been forming within Googles offices over the past three years. It specifically looks at the Googles historical lax rules on workplace speech, which has been a positive for Google during its lifetime, but has become a breeding ground for fringe, racist, sexist ideas. Late last week, Google announced that it would be [clamping down on political speech](https://slate.com/technology/2019/08/google-political-speech-workplace.html) moving forward. For this campaign, I would love to survey people about their stances on political speech in the workplace. How important is it that people should/shouldnt be able to voice their political opinions in the office? How important is it that people believe that their coworkers share the same political ideas as them in order for them to feel comfortable at their job? What percentage believe that their beliefs puts them at a disadvantage in the workplace?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Player Empowerment, visualized  Idea Description: Prominent sports journalist Bill Simmons often talks about how we are currently experiencing an era of [player empowerment](https://www.theringer.com/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2018/6/15/17469638/kyrie-irving-boston-celtics-kawhi-leonard-jr-smith-nba-finals) in the NBA that has not been seen in other sports. He pegs LeBron James *Decision* in 2010 and the updated CBA in 2011 as the catalysts for the change. By player empowerment, he means that players have increased autonomy in deciding where they play. The days of guys like Tim Duncan or Dirk Nowitzki are behind us. Instead, we get guys like Jimmy Butler and Kawhi Leonard who get just mildly upset with their situation and demand to be traded. For this campaign, lets look at every transaction that has taken place in the NBA since 2000 (or whenever) to see if there has been an uptick in transactions since LeBron made his decision to come down to south beach or when the CBA was updated in 2011. We could also zoom in on just the big fish players in terms of salary to see if theyve been bouncing around more than before.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Holiday Decor Disagreements  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore how couples navigate holiday decorating: how much to spend, how much effort to put into it, and when its ok to start decorating for various holidays.Yes, this idea is inspired by my wife buying a bunch of Halloween decorations and wanting to put them up this week which I think is crazy because 1- she already has a lot and 2- Halloween is two months away!So thats what well explore. How many couples decorte for the holidays, how many have disagreements over various aspects of it (spending, what looks nice vs tacky) and how are these disagreements settled? How much is too much to spend on decorations, and at what point should costs be discussed? How large does a decoration need to be (ex: a giant inflatable Santa) in order to require both partners to agree? Am I correct to assume that my wife will win out every time because she cares more? Am I a jerk for caring? Well answer all of these questions and more.We should also include a write in about the ugliest, tackiest, or most costly thing someone or their partner bought  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Home ownership, renting, and the sadness of our future  Idea Description: There are two types of people: renters and owners. How different are they, really?This campaign would look at 3 main things:1. The way we treat stuff, if we own it or rent it. I know I didnt slow for speed bumps in my lease, because it wasnt my suspension. In my rented house, I probably dont change my air filters as much as I should. Exactly how much are home renters beating up their stuff compared to homeowners? And we can apply it to leasing, and maybe even include the care we have when borrowing something from someone. 2. What types of people are more likely to rent. How satisfied are they with their homes compared to homeowners? How many homeowners want to move in the near future vs. renters? How many renters plan on renting for life. 3. What would you give up for home ownership? Do you really want it? Would you give up health insurance for a year to own a home? Get a second job? This would be particularly interesting to see the number of millennials who dont think theyll ever be able to afford a house, and thus would be perma-renters.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: NFL Fanbases Outlook on the Sport  Idea Description: Several years ago, Malcom Gladwell said that he believes that football is [not long for this world](https://www.cbssports.com/college-football/news/author-malcolm-gladwell-says-football-will-become-ghettoized/), and that its only going to have a niche audience along the lines of boxing. One of his arguments is that the casual football viewer is becoming more aware as to how violent and dangerous the game is. They see retired football players experiencing CTE and dying earlier than usual. For this campaign, lets survey football fans about their thoughts on the outlook of football. Has the exposure of football-caused issues changed the way they view/watch football? If they have children, has it made them hesitate signing their children up for little league football? Which fanbase is most pessimistic about the future of football? The most optimistic? What would it take for someone to stop watching football? Would it be for someone to die on the field? (Fun fact: Teddy Roosevelt got involved in regulating football after 19 people died playing football in 1905).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: From Civilians to Presidents: Privacy vs Transparency  Idea Description: Most people believe the everyday civilian has right to 100% privacy of their data and their life, from pictures of their kids all the way to their banking statements. But is this attitude true when it comes to police, politicians, presidents, celebrities, doctors? Should we be able to pore over a cops social media feed to make determinations about whether or not theyre good at their job? A politicians tax documents are made public, but should they be? And going deeper on the subject of transparency, does the general population feel like its useful? Does this transparency serve us? What types of data do we think is most useful to have about X position? Is privacy just a privilege of power?Using a survey, lets explore perception of who gets privacy and who doesnt, and what types of data people demand of civilians and public figures, and what should be private. Especially in the vein of conversation surrounding transparency in government and policing, this would build that conversation looking across the array of American life, from civilians to presidents.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Getting Your Kid out the Door Every Morning  Idea Description: Children, school, and mornings have never been a good combination. For parents, we are usually running late, no matter how early we get up or even if we prepared everything the night before. The thing is, kids are slow, and it doesn 't even matter if they went to sleep early the night before. From personal experience, my son 's a zombie in the mornings, literally a walker not knowing where he 's going or what he 's doing. And we have tried everything, so I wonder how other parents deal with their kids in the morning? How much do the hours of sleep they get help them the next morning? How do homework or other extracurricular activities play a part in this mess?For this campaign, let 's survey parents on experiences dealing with children every morning. Are you getting your child to bed early? Are you getting to bed soon enough? Are you waking up early to make extra time? Do you leave things prepared the night before? Do you help your child get dressed? Does your child need to do it myself, and by the time they do, you have to help them do it all over again?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dating and Driving  Idea Description: I know weve touched on romance and cars in the past, but it looked like previous campaigns focused more on the perceptions people have of potential love interests physical cars.For this campaign, lets look at how driving impacts peoples dating lives from a bunch of different angles. Much like with how people treat waitstaff or janitors, what perceptions do people have of dates who get road rage or drive aggressively? What percentage of people arent comfortable riding in a car with a first date? If riding with someone youre seeing, who drives? Do people go with tradition and think that men should do most of the driving in a relationship? How does this change throughout the course of a relationship?We could also look at how proximity factors into driving in a relationship. For people who are actively dating, whats the farthest theyll drive to go on a date? If theyre in a relationship, how much time to they spend commuting to see their partner each week? How does this impact relationship satisfaction/potential of a date turning into a relationship?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Brawling on Thin Ice  Idea Description: As the 2019-20 regular season enters the final stretch and the Stanley Cup approaches, let 's use this opportunity to explore the toughest teams and vulgar fan bases in the NHL.In this project, lets tap hockeyfights.com to determine the percentage of hockey games with fights over the past two decades. What are the top fighting teams in the NHL and how have brawls per squad fluctuated over time? Which players are involved in the most on-ice fights? Which teams are fighting each other more frequently? Additionally, we can scrape all NHL subreddits and query for profane terms to see which team has the most vulgar fans. What is the top cuss word for each team? Is there a correlation between numbers of online expletives and real-life fights? Finally, we can run a two-question survey of avid hockey fans to identity which team and player is perceived as the dirtiest.Inspired by two LegendCorp campaigns: https://www.cbssports.com/nhl/news/fighting-is-down-in-the-nhl-and-the-numbers-are-there-to-prove-it/ + https://www.casino.org/most-toxic-fan-bases/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The New World of Networking (Online)  Idea Description: Looking for a job during this time and for the next year is going to require a different type of networking than in-person meet and greets, networking fairs an in-person interviews. This could very-well mean a total re-think of your online brand, channels you used to keep on private mode, and the professional groups youve joined locally to stay in the loop on jobs. Online networking will be one of the primary ways people stay in step with the job market and opportunities - so how does one really master online networking? How do we develop professional and friendly relationships with other professionals during a time where in-person meetups are no longer the norm?For this survey, well explore how well employees think they can network online right now, the channels they are using, and the strategies that work. Also, in what ways does job-seeking and online networking during this time affect the way we treat our social media profiles? We can ask hiring managers if social media profiles and other avenues of familiarizing themselves with candidates is useful.  <|endoftext|>"
