"Idea Title: Home Court Advantage  Idea Description: When you go to an NBA game, youll see signs everywhere. Some could be good-spirited, trying to motivate the players on the home team. But others can be... for nefarious reasons, like taunting players to get in their heads. And one of the greatest use cases for these mean-spirited signs can be to distract players from making their free throws. Whether youre in the arena or just watching from home, you will see fans waving the hell out of these signs in order to disorient the shooter from the opposing team. For this campaign, we would use data from basketball-reference.com to analyze free throw shooting during games over the past 10 seasons. Which fan base causes other teams players to miss their free throws the most? During the 4th quarter? If we want to expand the scope of the campaign, we could also look into hoe NBA teams tend to give out free food (whether it be a frosty from Wendys or a chicken sandwich from Chic-Fil-A) when the opposing team misses two free throws in the 4th quarter back to back. This data is scrape-able on basketball-reference.com  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hiring Sight Unseen - Remote Hiring Obstacles  Idea Description: How are hiring managers navigating the new obstacles around remote hiring? What are their most valuable tips for job applicants who are going through a remote hiring process?In this idea, well survey a sample of hiring managers to find how they are dealing with new challenges brought on by COVID-19 and if they feel any less confident in the idea of hiring a job applicant without having ever met in person.What aspects of a face-to-face interview are most important and how are hiring decisions affected by the loss of this information? Are you less able to judge their character, their communication ability, or competence? How effective has the hiring process been since switching to remote? Are you finding it more or less difficult to fill positions? How long does the entire hiring process take when remote vs. in-person? How often do technical issues arise or delay the process?And most importantly, what tips and recommendations do they have for applicants?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Morning People and Productivity  Idea Description: To some, early risers, morning people, and people who set alarms even on weekends are an enigma. Why would they choose to get less sleep when more sleep is an option? Isnt sleep so amazing?! Why push themselves so much to be productive and energetic in the morning? Let survey morning and non-morning people about the perks, perceptions and results of waking up early. How does snoozing affect you throughout the day, compared to popping out of bed immediately? How do morning and non-morning people compare on productivity, health, relaxation, socialization, and life satisfaction? How many hours do morning and non-morning people have in a day, and how much of it is wasted? What do morning people like best about waking up early/what are the perks? What do they get to do more of in life because they wake up early? How overrated/underrated do they think sleep is? What do night owls think morning people are missing out on? What do morning people think night owls are missing out on?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Habits of the Rich & Famous  Idea Description: Wolfgang Mozart was known for composing until 1AM, then sleep for only 5 hours. Thomas Edison regarded sleep as a waste of time. Ben Franklin was an advocate of getting up early. For this project, lets scour the web for archives detailing the sleep patterns and habits of the most successful people in history. Once this data is collated, well create standout infographics showcasing visuals to entice viewers to explore the pages content in its entirety. This part of the project will be similar to the IG produced in 2015 and covered by Entrepreneur (https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/243275). Our graphic will include an exhaustive list of both historical and modern day greats, plus provide additional stats on their sleep schedules. Sounds like a breathe of fresh air right? Well, from here, well create an interactive that allows readers to input their sleep habits (e.g., bed/wake time, sleep satisfaction, sleep philosophy, etc.) to see which rich/successful person matches their sleep. This type of content is prime for social shares and engaging the audience.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: CDC Wonder Deaths from Homicide and Other External Causes  Idea Description: Bryce worked on a recent campaign idea of mine using new CDC Wonder data for 2017 (updated Dec 2018) to develop a comprehensive look at American homicide.I feel there is additional data to develop a second campaign on the subject using the same methodology looking at specific causes of deathCDC Wonder MCD codes X85 to Y09 are defined as assault and contain specific cause of death codes for assault by type of firearm, neglect, drowning, pushing from high place, blunt object, sharp object and more. Y35 is legal intervention. Y60 - Y69 include unintended medical complications. Note that some homicide code rates are very low.How do methods of homicide/death vary by day of week or month? How does it vary by race and gender or age and race? In what causes of death is an autopsy most commonly conducted? How does place of death vary for each? What about urban or rural populations?*After looking at Chris\ Travel Nightmares idea, maybe we can reposition statistics as odds this will occur for more differentiation using rates of death (per 100k pop)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Not All Distractions Are Made Equal  Idea Description: While texting and driving has been made illegal in multiple states, there are still a variety of other dangerous and terrifying distracted behaviors that drivers commit on a daily basis.In this idea, we 'll look to rank the full scope of distracted driving behaviors to see where other activities are ranked as more, less, or equally as dangerous as texting while driving. We 'll also gauge perceptions of activities drivers feel they can reasonably get away with to show the ways in which people overestimate their ability to multitask behind the wheel.How dangerous are the following behaviors compared to texting? Eating food, applying makeup, reading a book/the paper, dealing with a crying child, talking on phone without hands-free Bluetooth, listening to music with earbuds/AirPods in, etc. Most people have seen someone do each of these activities once. How many people believe they could do each of these activities without being distracted?Do boomers think texting is the most distracted behavior but believe reading a book/newspaper is acceptable?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Handling Conflict in the Workplace  Idea Description: How common are arguments in the office between employees? How well do employees handle conflicts in the workplace? With whom do they usually have conflicts? How much do these arguments escalate? How do they handle them? Do they typically get to resolve them?For this campaign, lets explore conflicts between employees in the workplace. Lets look at the reasons behind these conflicts. Do these involve leadership conflicts, poor communication, unclear job roles, unfair treatment? How much are these conflicts affecting the culture? How productive are they feeling in the workplace after having a dispute with one of their coworkers or supervisor/manager? How much more stress do people who tend to have more conflicts have?Furthermore, are these conflicts personality-based? Lets explore how much results differ based on employee personality types. How much more do extroverted employees argue than introverts? Who usually seeks a solution vs. those who seek to enlarge the problem? Whos more focused/productive on their work after an argument? Lets find out!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: [10x Idea] We Are What We Protect, But America Is What They Buy  Idea Description: In order to take out the fear-based marketing initiatives, ADT is looking to hone in on what we protect and the valuables we purchase so lets see where Americans are putting their money. Leverage the Consumer Expenditure Survey, lets see what categories Americans spend the most. Is it on food/alcohol or what about home care costs? Maybe its the new car, not the new clothes? How has this changed over time? This data set even breaks down how much we spend on housekeeping services! We could expand this to then look at one of two things: 1) FBI crime rates on property vs robbery etc. So are we spending more but also seeing more risk? 2) the cost of protection: how much would it cost to protect valuables? We can either ask ADT for this pricing but we could also survey current security measures and the costs they paid for the security. In the end, we could create an in-depth piece about where Americans may be spending their money and needing protection along with a tool showing how much it costs to secure vs it took to buy the item in the first place.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Value of Student Discounts  Idea Description: How much can students save from using student discounts? From discounts on tech/software, clothing, travel to services/subscriptions and insurances, how many students are taking advantage of these perks, and how much are they saving? For this campaign, lets do an in-depth study to determine how much a student could save if they took advantage of the vast majority of discounts available to students vs. how much they actually save. Lets explore the most used discounts; what percentage of students are obsessed with student discounts? How many students have recently started using student discounts that they didnt know had? How many students dont even know about these discounts? Are they using discounts more now than they did before the pandemic? Why?We could also ask a smaller group of people who already graduated if they still keep taking advantage of these deals and how. Are they using a brother/sisters ID who is a student or their son/daughter? How many years after graduating are they still taking advantage of these perks? Lets find out!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Great Homework Debate  Idea Description: The great homework debate is one of the more contentious issues in education, primarily the time spent dedicated to completing at-home assignments. For this campaign, lets weigh in with a mixed analysis of public data as well as a poll of 1,000 parents about their perceptions of the HW debate. First, lets tap ATUS to quantify the amount of time spent on homework by different demographics of Americas youth. Whos children are devoting more time to homework than physical activity or socializing? Additionally, well supplement these findings with a survey asking questions like: How much time should children spend on homework per night/week? Do you think homework/standardized tests only promote cramming? Does formal daily homework really lead to significantly higher school performance? How many parents believe homework is a waste? Whos stressing the importance of community building, love of learning, and independence? Which demos value the intangibles, like the myriad of skills and attitudes that dont fallow with the category of academic achievement?  <|endoftext|>"
