"Idea Title: Organizing for Achievement  Idea Description: When I started my career out as a schoolteacher, I worked at a charter school in an underserved neighborhood -- the school offered several incentives to get teachers there, like a much higher starting salary, ongoing professional development, and full tuition payments for masters degrees. On the downside, our staff was prevented from joining any type of teachers union, meaning we had little recourse when asked to work much longer hours than traditional public schoolteachers and took on several added responsibilities in the school without any increase in prep time or compensation.Charter schools vs traditional public schools and union vs non-union teachers is an old debate -- advocates for unions say they protect teachers from unfair practices, while detractors argue that unions keep terrible teachers in the classroom. For this campaign, lets survey teachers who are both union and non-union -- what are they paid, what are their hours, do they wish they had it the other way, what do they think are the best/worst parts of their current situation, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mental Health of Americans  Idea Description: Theres no doubt that COVID-19 has taken a toll on the mental health of Americans, with some Americans feeling the toll of crisis, as well as the accompanying isolation, more than others. When it comes to understanding where our mental health efforts should focus, its smart to first understand the lay of the land in terms of the demographics suffering most. For this project, well use mental health data spanning the last 5 years to understand overall mental health trends and identify vulnerable demographics. Using IPUMs, we can also identify what regions have generally poorer mental health, age groups, sex, sexual orientation, occupation/industry, and whether or not paid sick leave makes a difference in mental health. IPUMS also provides data that allows us to view mental health by employment status. Lots of these variables allow us to tie the conversation back to the future implications of COVID-19. Because IPUMS data is also updated yearly, this can be a piece that is rebooted for years to come, as well as contrasted to the major events of that year.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Higher and Lower Job Standards  Idea Description: This was passed on for Joblist but could be used here for BOLD---For this idea, well aim to quantify job application experiences with hard numbers to understand how willing or unwilling job seekers may be towards raising or lowering their standards.When did you begin applying to new positions? How many applications have you sent? How many do you send a week? How many have you received a reply from? Had an interview?And based on those experiences, how optimistic are you about continuing your job search? When is it time to lower your standards and when it is time to hold out? How much are you willing to lower your desired salary by, over time? How do these perceptions change by your situation? Individuals who have been furloughed or laid off may be more willing to apply to jobs they feel overqualified for. Are men more or less likely to lower their job search standards after a long stretch of rejections?Well survey anyone who has job searched within the past 3 to 6 months with the ability to compare job seekers pre and during COVID-19.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: No Commute. No Problem  Idea Description: Passed around but I do not believe it has been selected yet---Commuting has been a way of life for most American workers, sometimes spending hours of their day in traffic or on trains. Studies have even shown commute duration to be closely tied to ones life satisfaction. So what are some of the larger implications of a significant portion of the workforce no longer needing to commute? Possibly never needing to commute ever again? How many hours of time have remote workers gained since the start of social distancing?We can explore opinions and experiences by how far workers WERE driving to their jobs before social distancing. How much more satisfied are you likely to be with your job, career, or remote employment if you were previously commuting an hour or more each day? How many hours of your life did you suddenly have back since switching to remote employment?How many couples no longer have a use for two vehicles? How much less traffic have you witnessed on the roads or how much shorter is a typical trip you make with less people driving?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Purge (the good kind, where you throw out clutter)  Idea Description: Throwing out all your old stuff feels awesome. You go through the nostalgia and worry about missing things youve held onto but never use, but you suck it up and do it and it feels great from there on out.For this campaign, well explore experiences/benefits/outcomes among respondents whove done a serious decluttering. The goal we be to explore how the benefits outweigh the challenges, how the challenges arent as bad as you think they are, and helpful tips from people whove successfully decluttered.What percentage of people who purged would recommend it to others. How many people who purged their home actually miss any of the stuff they threw out? Which are the easiest, most satisfying, or impactful things to purge? How much cleaner/nicer/liveable are their homes now? How much has their quality of life changed around the house? How do the reasons why not to (hassle, memories, etc...) compare to the benefits? Do peoples concerns reflect reality (will you miss the junk you threw out, how much of it will you even remember you ever had, etc...)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Influence of Neighborhood/Area we live in on Working out and Types of Workout  Idea Description: Lets scrape the most popular # for selected types of workouts (e.g. #lifting, #yoga, #running, ...) for geo-tags and check-ins. With that we can see where the workouts are most popular and what gyms etc. posters check in the most. We can then cross the location information with census data to see whats significant about the location areas (income, age groups, renters vs buyers, education,...). This would give us a profile of the average person/neighborhood for each workout type. And the other way around, we can look at areas and see what area demographics workout more and what other social factors play a role.I found this really interesting project about gym locations and location demographics: https://www.citylab.com/life/2019/01/fitness-studio-gym-density-income-education-resolution/579595/Trying to recreate this here (differently of course), but not sure what census data is most interesting for promo. Im not sure if the post location is the most valid way to determine where people work out, but I cant of a better source at the moment.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Working Outside of Normal Hours  Idea Description: A lot has been done on working long hours outside of the normal 40-hour work week, with people feeling like they need to put in extra time to get ahead or even just stay afloat in their jobs. For this campaign, we would look at perceptions of this tendency. Does the boss ACTUALLY notice those who are putting in extra work? And if they do, are their perceptions always positive? Is the employee working late into the night considered a dedicated top-performer, or does that cause their supervisor to wonder why they need extra time to get their work done (i.e. what are they doing during the actual hours theyre getting paid for)? To flesh this out, we can also look at opinions on communications outside of work, particularly when they arent of an urgent nature. Do people get stressed out when they see emails and task tags coming through at night, even if its clear they arent expected to respond right away? To further tie this to Paychexs brand, we can ask whether people have specific policies at work about communication and notifications at late hours.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Far Would You Go?  Idea Description: Physically, how far would you move from your current location for a job? A job that paid you $1k more? $5k more? $10k more? Would you relocate to someplace rural? How does this differ by if they have kids, or if they have a partner who might not be able to move with them? Would they move someplace where housing is cheaper if the job paid the same amount as theyre currently earning? On the flip side, would they move to an urban area where housing (And everything in general) is more expensive if the job offered the same pay as now, but better benefits? And ultimately the question is: Would you rather have a job with ideal benefits but earn less than you are now, or a job with crappy benefits making much more than you do now? (and how does that differ by generation?) How far would they move for a job that has better benefits, but their salary stayed the same? Are millennials more willing to move anywhere that will pay them a better wage, or give them better benefits because theyre less likely to currently have kids, or a house?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fed? Like the Cops?  Idea Description: This would be a financial literacy campaign, in a way, that focused on a crucial component of our economics system that is shrouded in mystery: the Federal Reserve. In this survey project, we would explore American perceptions, knowledge, and awareness of the Federal Reserve, central banking, and the whole American financial system that most of us (this ideator included) dont understand well enough.Well use a mix of questions that gauge both knowledge and perceptions, and explore this topic in a way that it has never been covered before.What percentage of people know:- that the Federal Reserve even exists- what the Federal Reserve is- what the Federal Reserve even does- and how it affects our everyday lifeHow many Americans know: - Where currency comes from- What the term fiat currency means- What controls the interest rates that they pay on houses and cars- What causes inflation- What the gold standard was- What banks actually do with their money- Whether or not we have any control or oversight over the Fed  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: First Fictional Character Turn-Ons  Idea Description: Puberty is strange. Do you remember your first fictional lust? Are you ashamed of it? In this project, let 's survey 1,000 people (500 Americans; 500 Brits) about their first and perhaps second and third fictional crushes. Are Americans or Brits more likely to be turned-on by fictional characters? How do answers stack up for animated characters? What about by gender and sexual orientation? At what age did you notice your attraction towards fictional characters? Let 's use an expansive list and written insights to identify the top fictional crushes of our time and break down results by various demographics for fun takeaways. Is Disney responsible for more turn-ons than Warner Bros? How many people have masturbated to a fictional character (this might be too much for the client, lol)? How do people feel about these fictional turn-ons and did they carry over to adult life? What percentage of people have shared this turn-on with their partner or close friends? What percentage of people claim that their first turn-on was a fictional character?  <|endoftext|>"
