"Idea Title: Packaging Waste and Sustainability During COVID-19  Idea Description: Feedback before was that eco-friendly topic struggles. Maybe we take a more finance-related approach.---Plastic waste surges as coronavirus prompts restaurants to use more disposable packaging - CNBCHow much more difficult is it to maintain sustainable and environmentally consumer behaviors during COVID-19? With social distancing comes the need to purchase more products online, use take out services, and have groceries picked up via curbside. The one thing these more popular consumer behaviors have in common is a tendency to create more waste.To examine this idea further, we 'll conduct a survey of Americans. How much more waste do people believe they are generating due to COVID-19? How concerned is the general population with increased waste? How much more frequently are people using single-use plastics? Which environmentally-friendly consumer behaviors are you no longer able to practice due to COVID-19 such as bringing your own bags or refilling reusable mugs? What new environmentally friendly behaviors have you begun since COVID?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Remote Working Challenges Based on Personality  Idea Description: Participating in online communication, group conversations and other modes of communication at work has become critical in exhibiting team-collaboration and work participation, thanks to remote work conditions forced by COVID-19. And though remote work may at first seem like a great environment for introverts, is it creating any challenges now that remote employees have become somewhat adjusted to remote work life? How are extroverts faring? How many feel challenged by remote work conditions, and are nervous about how they are being perceived? Finally, how do certain personality traits struggle or thrive with their new working conditions? Using the Big Five Inventory, a validated personality assessment test, lets inventory 1,000 employees who have been working remotely since the COVID-19 outbreak, and ask them about the areas of remote life they struggle with the most, and oppositely, where they are thriving. Then well present our findings to show just how remote work life promotes different challenges for different members of our workforce.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are They Worth It?  Idea Description: A previous study found that although most professional sport leagues feature broadcasts that are several hours long, some of those athletes are working harder than others. Hockey, Basketball and soccer all feature 45 minutes to an hour of action while football and baseball only feature 11 and 17 minutes of action respectively. Football games feature action 5% of the time vs Soccer games at 50% of the time. This begs the question, do athletes of each of the major leagues deserve to be making millions of dollars when some are doing so much more than others? For this project we would survey sports fans to see how much they think average and star players should make in each league. Do they think baseball players should make much less than hockey players because of the way the game plays? How does this differ from sport fanbase to fanbase? Which fanbase is the most accepting of how much other athletes make? Which thinks the least of another sport? Any reasons they have besides game action for the pay differences? Does location play a factor as well?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Growth of a Gig Economy  Idea Description: Using Airtaskers internal data, lets get our hands wet with Flourishs incredible timelapse animated maps and map the growth of the gig econony. Assuming they have geo data, we could map how Airtaskers different gig areas have grown over time in different places (Floruish is especially detailed in how it maps London, so we could do that on a neighborhood-by-neighborhood level). The internal data would give us an extremely fine-grained look at how people actually utilize a site that lets you pay someone for basically anything. For this we could basically look at things like most popular tasks by region (Australia and UK), most above average tasks by region, what men/women/generations request differently, which tasks are simply incredibly Australian and could be included as fun callouts, etc. Without seeing their data its hard to know exactly how to execute this full idea, but if we got our hands on things like task-category-date-geo-cost, we could easily do a really great campaign on how gig economies grow up in relatively localized areas  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Your College Alter Ego  Idea Description: It seems fairly common that high school seniors enter college as meek, inexperienced little 18-year-olds, yet they emerge from college with experiences they never wouldve gotten themselves into, and especially things theyll never tell their parents. Although they started out with limited life experiences, 4 years later, they may be able to say they blacked out numerous times, got horribly hazed in a frat or sorority, had multiple one night stands, got kicked out of bars, smoked a lot of weed, tried hard drugs' you name it. Let survey 1,000 millennials (or older age groups as well) about how their alter egos emerged in college and how they changed, or didnt change, from being shy and naive to having seen it all. How do personalities change pre-college to post-college? What do people they say theyd never ever do, yet found themselves doing (drinking, smoking, having sex, etc.)? What are their college regrets? How much are college behaviors accepted/respected post-college (could tie paying off debt/being financially stingy in here)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Dying Act of Cooking at Home  Idea Description: The other day I was reading an interesting [essay](https://alexdanco.com/2019/05/09/cooking-as-a-service/) about how food delivery services like UberEats and DoorDash may cause cooking to become a niche activity along the lines of gardening or sewing. It may sound unrealistic, but he backed up his assertion with a report from the [NIH](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3639863/) several years ago that shows how food preparation in homes across America has dropped significantly over the last 50 years. And this was before UberEats and DoorDash really started taking off. For this campaign, I would like to see how the importance of cooking for oneself differs by generation. Do people view it as an important trait for them to have? Do millennials view their partners being able to cook as being a less important trait in comparison to baby boomers or generation Xers? How comfortable are people having most of their food delivered, by generation? How important is having control over the ingredients in their food to the different generations?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Streaming Password Sharing Security  Idea Description: Theres been no shortage of coverage on how commonly streaming users are sharing passwords. Some have estimated it costs Netflix billions in lost revenue and the company has hinted on cracking down in the near future.While password sharing can save an individual user a nice chunk of change, it doesnt come without its risks. There were reported to be thousands of hacked accounts at the release of Disney+.In this campaign well explore what users are willing to sacrifice for password sharing. How many people strongly value their digital security but openly share their password? How many reuse the same password for other sensitive accounts? How many suspect that the individuals they have shared their password with are sharing THAT password with others? What risky personal security habits correlate with a hacked account? Do we value the security of certain streaming platforms more than others?Lastly, if someone were to revoke your access of a shared password/streaming service, would it negatively affect your relationship with that person?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Remote Accommodations  Idea Description: As discussed, I need batteries for my mouse. I do not have batteries at home. Is it wrong to wonder if thats something my employer should provide. (Ill go out an get the damn batteries myself, ok, but Im wondering)For this campaign, well explore the items/accommodations/compensation that people want/expect/need from their employers while theyre working remote. Should an employer be expected to provide a desk, chair, monitor, keyboard, etc... to their employees? Should they offer a stipend or something similar to cover expenses that are incurred by employees now instead? How many believe that remote cost savings for employers should be passed on to employes?Even if they shouldnt, how much would it increase employees satisfaction, appreciation, likelihood to stay, etc....? How many people would change jobs if their employer offered a comprehensive WFH package? How many people believe that employers should have a transparent WFH benefits/expectations policy (heres what you do, heres what you get, heres how well support you, etc...)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Products You Miss Most When You Cant Have Them  Idea Description: Originally I wanted to call this Products You Miss Most When You Travel Abroad, but traveling is a little taboo right now and I figure we can examine the same thing through a timelier lens, given that the pandemic has estranged us from as many beloved products as any tariff or logistical challenge.We 'll compile a list of beloved products and ask people to select the ones they frequently partake in. Think Coca-cola, McNuggets, Charmin Ultra, Dove Soap, the classics.From the list they 've selected we 'll ask them to indicate whether they\d be willing to pay a premium to receive the product if it was not readily obtainable--be it a result of traveling to a country with different types of products or due to a natural phenomena, like a hurricane or pandemic--or replace the product with an alternative product, or wait until it was available.Of the products they indicated they\d pay more to obtain, we 'll ask them to disclose how much they\d be willing to pay. I think it should make for some cool looking vizzes and actionable takeaways  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: VA expenditure overtime, by state  Idea Description: VA expenditure overtime, by state https://www.va.gov/vetdata/Expenditures.aspLets download the VA expenditure data for the last 20 years and explore how spending on different VA programs has changed overtime nationally and by stateWe can explore the veteran population, by state, their spending on compensation and pension ( how does this vary per veteran over the course of different presedencies? Education & Vocational Rehabilitation/ Employment by state. Which states are putting the most back into their veteran communities? WHich states have grown in this area ove expenditure over the last few years? What about the unique number of patients? ** Unique patients are patients who received treatment at a VA health care facility. Which states are seeing more and more patients? How does their medical care expenditure tie into this? With this idea we can wholistically explore how the nation, and individual states are investing (or cutting funding) from Vetran care and facilities. 'tData goes back to 1996 't 't 't 't 't 't 't 't 't  <|endoftext|>"
