"Idea Title: Athlete Sport Crossovers  Idea Description: This past weekend, we saw D.K. Metcalf, an NFL WR, compete at the USA Track and Field Golden Games as a sprinter. Though he didnt finish among the top 3 (15th out of 17 sprinters) he still held his own with professionally trained sprinters. At 230 lbs, it was expected that he wouldnt be able to reach the speeds of sprinters who dedicate their life to speed. The social media response to this was pretty split, with some giving him props, as they should, for holding his own and giving it a shot, while others joking and clowning him for trying.This campaign would take a look at the top athletes in every sport and ask sports fans about which of these athletes they feel could cross over to another sport the easiest. Which sport is the easiest to cross into? Which two sports are the most likely crossover combination? Which sport is the hardest to cross into? What type of skill set or physique is needed for each sport? Which athlete can cross into the most sports? This could potentially bridge into some insight on which sport has the best athletes.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Super Bowl Spending  Idea Description: With the Super Bowl quickly approaching (and practically a national holiday) its important to note how much money people spend on their Super Bowl Extravaganzas -- probably just as much as they do for the holidays. I know my co-worker from ESPN holds a huge party every year with at least 5 TVs, over 200 people, etc. For this study, we can examine football fans Super Bowl spending from last year going into this years Super Bowl. What are they spending money on the most? Food, televisions, decor? Which fans are spending the most money, and are you more likely to spend your money if your team makes it to the final game? How much would they be willing to spend on their party? Whats the most extravagant thing theyve purchased? (lobsters, steaks, giant cut out of their favorite QB) Perhaps we can focus specifically on the past 2 Super Bowls and examine Broncos, Patriots, and Eagles fans. We can also compare spending to other holidays and see if people spend more money during Super Bowl season and how much of an impact it makes in their finances.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Distracted Pedestrians  Idea Description: Pedestrian deaths are on the rise, and may reach record levels by next year. From 2013 to 2017, weve seen a 25% increase (FARS) in deaths. Besides distracted driving, its clear that pedestrians could be distracted as well, though this data is hard to find and calculate according to the National Safety Council. So using a survey we can ask drivers how often they encounter pedestrians texting, talking on their phones, or those who dont even look when crossing streets. We can ask drivers where they feel the most nervous around pedestrians (times of day, days of the week), and specific location types: downtown, parking lots of grocery stores, school zones, etc ... We can cross this data with FARS data on demographic info on pedestrian deaths, when they happen, what age group, which months, times of the day, to give pedestrian fatalities more context and try to understand why its happening so often. It will be a synthesized data set and unique look at the issue, where we can take advantage of time-level data to show animated graphs of fatalities  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Normalizing the Purchase of Casual Goods With No Money/ Existing Credit  Idea Description: While buying a 13 dollar product a year or so ago, I was quite surprised to see that the retailer allowed consumers the option to split the purchase over 4 payments with a service called AfterPay. For the financially self-aware among us, services like AfterPay might be a great way to fund a gift or give yourself some self-love after some budget manipulation. These low-cost numbers make people think funding their purchases this way isnt a huge deal -- its only 20 bucks every couple weeks, isnt it?However, it still struck me as exploitative and perhaps dangerous. Many believe these new services are predatory at best, so lets survey people on their use of Afterpay/Klarna and other reverse layby services to see how reality aligns with the speculation. Well get opinions on whether such services drive people further away from their financial goals 'Ai(particularly young people, its not lost on me that its primarily millennial/genZ brands that offer this service) 'Ai which demographics are using it the most, and what theyre using it for.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wedding Woes  Idea Description: For people who have gotten married or were in a wedding party in the past year, how much sleep did you get the night before the wedding as compared to a regular night? Did you have to work on setting everything up the night before? If so, what time did you go to bed and what time did you have to get up for the wedding? What percentage of wedding GUESTS had to wake up super early to get ready and travel to the venue? What percentage of couples didnt sleep at all the night before their wedding for whatever reason? Was it anxiety or just they had too much to do still? What time did the men in the wedding party have to wake up on the day of as compared to the women? (women usually have to get up earlier to get hair and makeup done) How many couples were completely sleep deprived on their wedding day? How did the level of sleep affect the emotions of the wedding party/the couple? Did everyone push through and have fun? What advice would the new couples give others so they can save time and sleep/stress on their big day?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is it Genetic?  Idea Description: Recently I was binging 90 Day Fiance, and a woman on the show had tourettes syndrome. She told her husband and parents in-law that it wasnt genetic and couldnt be passed on to their children, because her own parents had told her that. TLDR, she goes to a tourettes advocacy group and they inform her that it is indeed hereditary. She was then faced with telling her husband and it caused her a lot of pain and anxiety.Lets look at the misperceptions of rare diseases/syndromes. Are they genetic or not? How many people would know the difference?How do these genetic diseases impact family planning and the way people raise their children? Do they openly tell their kids they are predisposed to certain conditions or try to protect them by not telling them? How many people found out they were likely to pass on certain diseases after they had kids and wish they knew before? This campaign would focus on debunking whether certain diseases/syndromes are genetic, how informed the public is about it, and how it affects family planning/raising children.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Worst Words and Habits You Bring Home  Idea Description: Did you study abroad in Florence but tell your friends it was Firenze? Did you go on a trip to Paris and now insist on baguettes? Did you start calling football American Football after a trip to the UK? Maybe most interestingly -- do British people do this when they go abroad, or is this (like so many worst behaviors) a uniquely insufferable American habitFor this project, lets survey 1,000 Americans who have traveled to Europe and 1,000 Brits who have traveled to America. We could look at things like words, dietary preferences, etc - how it changes after a trip, whether length of stay abroad makes this happen more, which destinations seem to spark this the most (Hint: its going to be Barcelona, Florence, Paris). We could also drop the numbers for this survey to 750 per market and then do a separate survey of 250 people in each country who have NEVER traveled abroad and just ask them how annoyed they are by each and every one of these behaviors, which would provide a cool context for the data we get from the 1,500 who have been abroad  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Doing it for the Kids  Idea Description: Plenty of parents go out of their way to ensure that their children have an upbringing that is idyllic and sets them up for the future. But what are parents missing out by doing so? Are there vacations, or lifelong goals that they have set aside for their children? What are the lengths to which they would go for their children to stay in a good school district, or to get a private education? For this campaign, we would survey parents on the give/take relationship of raising a child and sending them to school. How many parents pay more for vacations because they need to work around a school schedule? How many parents take their kids out of school to go on vacation? How involved are parents with their childs education; for instance how many parents are helping their kids with HW - and are the parents who dont help their kids more or less bitter about parenting? Another aspect of this campaign that would be interesting is a would-you-rather style asset wherein we measured the things parents would/wouldnt rather do for their kids education.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleepin n Streamin  Idea Description: Binge watching TV shows and movie series have become the norm with the uprising of the streaming services. In fact, 70 percent of Americans say that they participate in binge watching (>=5 episodes in one sitting), according to [Deloitte](https://variety.com/2016/digital/news/binge-watching-us-study-deloitte-1201737245/). For this campaign, lets explore the relationship between sleep and streaming. We could look at: Where do they plunk down their butts when they gear up to rattle off 10 episodes of The Office? Do they sit where the main TV is in their house with a couch? Or do they do it in the bedroom in the bed? Is it because they find that particular location more comfortable, or because it has a better viewing experience? Why? What time of the day do people binge? For people who say the evening, do they report to typically have worse sleep quality overall? Something to keep in mind:, [Netflix CEO Reed Hastings called sleep Netflixs #1 competitor](https://www.fastcompany.com/40491939/netflix-ceo-reed-hastings-sleep-is-our-competition)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Profiling Work-Study Students  Idea Description: Going to a public university where there were public funds available to finance your education, it still isnt enough to cover costs for so many. I found this news article on US News claiming the amount awarded for work-study will be seeing a decline, and whether or not itd be worth it to just find a job off campus instead. We could compare the average cost of work-study awarded, to the average cost of attending 1 year at a private or public university. Would the amount awarded in work study be more, less, or equal to the amount youd make after taxes working part time? How many hours would a student have to work to match it? https://www.usnews.com/education/best-colleges/paying-for-college/articles/2017-06-27/choose-between-a-federal-work-study-job-and-a-part-time-job-in-collegeWork study funds also cant be withdrawn to use for groceries, textbooks, other important expenses not covered by tuition. What does the average student spend on these things and could a part time job truly cover these costs? If they can, to what extent?  <|endoftext|>"
