"Idea Title: Defining Necessities  Idea Description: In the same vein as Johns Want/Need idea, lets survey 1,000 people to see where Americans draw the line between necessity and luxury. The dictionary defines a necessity as an indispensable thing but how does the general public interpret this term in 2019? What percentage of Americans consider a hair dryer or a microwave a necessity? Are younger generations more likely to view high speed internet, Netflix, and smart phone as such? If so, that what do they consider to be a luxury? Does owning this luxurious products evoke feelings of self-worth or success? We can deploy life satisfaction measures to determine if people purchase certain products or brands for the appeal. Is it all just a facade? Lastly, lets have participants estimate how much they spend on different categories (necessities + luxuries) to identify the practical demographics verses those just in it for the clout. How does social media affect what people determine is a necessity vs. a luxury? Does that impact whether or not theyre willing to go into debt, and for what?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Functional Stoner  Idea Description: I based this idea off of an article on Elitedaily detailing someone 's personal functional stoner strategy because weed is important to improving their personality (rigid, controlling, bad temper). I think most people, in order to make weed work in their life, try to avoid being a flat-out pothead, as that label comes with the connotation of laziness and an inability to leave the house and turn off Netflix. Are functional stoners much more common?: people that hold down jobs, have good social lives but smoke weed in order to relax, sleep, or temper their personality when stressed? Let 's survey 1,000 people to identify what a functional stoner is. We 'll ask people what frequency they think that is, what time of day the smoking must take place in order for someone to be functional. Then we 'll ask those who smoke as to why/how they are functional: what limitations do they impose? What rules to they have for themselves, how much and when they smoke, and the places they do it? (Work, mornings or night only, weekdays vs weekends, etc...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: COVID-Safe Vacationing  Idea Description: Despite COVID-19 dampening our travel plans, people are getting creative about how they vacation. More and more folks are open to activities like camping, a long weekend at an isolated rental cooking dinner with friends, and re-adjusting their vacation goals to be more socially isolated and COVID-safe. Sometimes this may involve staying at a hotel, but bringing your own cleaning supplies, sheets, cookware and never ordering room cleaning or service. For others it might just be a couples trip with with no social obligations. Using a survey, lets look at COVID-safe vacationing, the top 10 vacations for people who want to avoid COVID, as well as the amount of time it took to plan them, and the most important considerations. Did people clean the venues they stayed at regardless of extra cleaning done by the property owners? Is an AirBnB regarded as more safe than a hotel room? Did they road trip, fly, or stay super local? What are the top things a COVID vacationer can do to put their mind at ease while vacationing during a pandemic?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do Sleep Tracking Apps and Devices Actually Help?  Idea Description: For this campaign, we\d survey people about how (and if) they use the sleep tracking features on devices like Apple Watch and Fitbit and what benefits they get from them.We can look at who does and doesn 't use them, and why - What percentage who don 't use think that it 's pointless or not worth it, what percentage think they should but just don 't. Percentage who tried, didn 't see a benefit, and stopped. Etc...Looking specifically at the people who do use them, we can explore:-- What types of data they get, and how they use that data-- Which data/features have been the most beneficial-- What are the tangible, notable effects they 've experienced? Are they getting more REM sleep? Are they sleeping longer? Are they having an easier time getting out of bed?If we need to expand this beyond watches and fitbits, we can also look at standard features and apps. Apple has some kind of bedtime thing that I 've never used, they have the night mode features, and I'm sure there are 100s of apps that people download and use.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Coronavirus Ads: Crass or Genius?  Idea Description: Inspired by this Twitter thread: https://twitter.com/social_savannah/status/1240383993775718400, lets conduct a survey where we present participants with a wide variety of ads amidst the COVID-19 pandemic and measure their emotions toward the content and brand. We wouldnt necessarily feature any of the ads in the LP, but instead, showcase how consumers are perceiving adaptive ads during these weird times. Which vibe is backed by consumers? Which is pushing them further away? The subsequent questions will focus on what brands can do during this isolation period, to keep audiences engaged, unified, calm/cool/collected, and most importantly, purchasing. Should subscription services suspend payments for the next month? Should online retailers offer steep discounts or free products? Would this cast the brand in a positive light and potentially lead to a regular customer in a post-coronavirus world? How much money have consumers spent on different products/services since the outbreak in the U.S. began? How have spending habits shifted?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Did You Take Time Off During Self-Isolation  Idea Description: Your 2020 travel plans may have been canceled but that doesn 't mean you can 't take time off from work. With many Americans now required to avoid nonessential travel, it can feel somewhat pointless to put in a vacation request for work. But that time off can still be crucial in maintaining your emotional and mental health.What percentage of employees report taking no time off during the past 3 months and what percentage believe they will continue to not take time off until they are back to working in-office?We 'll survey remote employees (due to COVID) on their perceptions of taking vacation time during self-quarantine. How many feel it is pointless to take vacation time since they are confined to their home? How many have taken time or are planning to take vacation time? Are employees taking more or less time than they would have in 2020 without the pandemic? How will they spend vacation time? Will they go anywhere? Was it for a specific occasion? Did they feel more productive after, even if they were just relaxing at home?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Changing the Way We Lead in 2021 (combine w/ below)  Idea Description: The COVID-19 crisis has sparked numerous conversations on what effective leadership should look like at this time, and how we need to adapt for the year to come. How are managers handling the stresses of managing during this time, how has their role changed, and what principles or practices do they plan on bringing with them to 2021? In one study conducted by FastCompany, highlighted role-modeling behavior as being critical in leading during this time. How difficult is it to be a role model right now, when job security is high, what behaviors are managers attempting to role model, and do they themselves feel like they have the support they need to do so? How many would prefer training or material on leadership skills, and which ones are particularly challenging? This campaign aims to explore management insecurities and pinpoint specific leadership skills that managers are having trouble with at this time. Well look at what areas managers are seeking to improve, and which skills they believe theyll carry with them into 2021.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: To Gift... or Not to Gift?  Idea Description: One of the greatest perks of the holidays is that you may get wonderful, unexpected gifts from friends, families, and a significant other (if you have one). Not as much effort is needed on the receiving end besides putting on a pleasant face and accepting the gift, but things change drastically when youre the one doing the gifting. Suddenly, there are many things to consider. Let survey people on how they go about the whole receiving/giving gift process -- the good and the bad. Do you know someone well enough to get them a gift without creeping them out? How will they interpret your intentions? What do you get someone, and what do you look at to figure it out? If youre giving a gift to someone you like, how do you do it? And when youre on the receiving end, what do you do if you get a bad gift? Exchange it secretly? Put on a happy face and just go with it? What do you actually want and how does that compare to what you receive? How do your expectations of gifts depend on your relationships with different kinds of people?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Digital Doctor Visits and Telemedicine  Idea Description: To Keep Seniors Safe at Home, Medicare Expands Telemedicine - USNews--One of the possible implications of the current global health pandemic could be a substantial increase in the use of telemedicine, such as digital appointments with doctors. While many have been instructed to avoid visiting their doctor if they are not experiencing serious health concerns, it creates a significant problem for individuals who may now be unable to make their regularly scheduled appointments.For this idea, well conduct a survey to explore the general populations opinion of telemedicinne and video conferencing with doctors. How receptive is each generation to this technology and confident do they feel that a digital appointment can offer the same quality of care as an in-person appointment? What are the perceived pros and cons of this technology? Are we finding people are significantly more receptive to this technology post-coronavirus? What do seniors wish to see or understand more about this technology to make it as accessible as possible?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Make Hay While the Sun Shines  Idea Description: This would be a campaign about success and time management (with some sleep and energy assets thrown in there), breaking down how successful people manage their time and energy. Do people who manage their time and efforts well experience more success?Ive heard several successful and productive people give similar advice that time management is crucial. Having goals is important, but having a plan to achieve them is just as necessary. We would be able to give this a great lifestyle/career advice angle for promotions: How to be a more productive/successful/happy person.We would look at a variety of factors, like amount of sleep, wake-up times, adherence to routines and schedules, use of planning, etc.. to explore and quantify the benefits of active time management. How much more productive could you be at work if you used a task-list? How much more could you accomplish on the weekends if you wake up with a plan? Do people who plan their meals eat healthier? Do people who follow a schedule sleep better and feel more rested?  <|endoftext|>"
