"Idea Title: Fahrenheit 815 (Making Cooking Safety Simple)  Idea Description: When you first get started cooking at home, youre basically a fire hazard. But even after you become a seasoned vet, theres always the possibility you can screw up. You could undercook chicken, which is a threat to ones health. You could overcook some fish, which could lead to fire, which is a big threat to your home itself. For this campaign, lets identify what people believe are the greatest risks to themselves and to their homes and whether or not people are prepared for them. We could ask people to tell us what the safe cooking temperature is for various foods (chicken is 165__, as I have forced myself to memorize). We could ask them if they have a food thermometer to detect whether or not food is cooked. We could ask them if they have an up-to-date fire extinguisher in their home, and see if it varies among people who have caused fire in the kitchen and those who have not. Ultimately, this campaign is about how prepared people are for cooking safely in the kitchen and how at risk they are at starting a fire.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Meal Delivery Boxes vs Traditional Grocery Shopping  Idea Description: Meal delivery boxes aren 't just trendy because of their convenience, but many advertise that the cost-per-meal is as affordable as traditional grocery shopping. And because ingredients are perfectly tailored to the recipe, food waste is lower. This is appealing, even to the most frugal or savvy grocery shopper. Using a survey of 200 meal box subscribers, as well as those who traditionally grocery shop, let 's compare the cost per meal of subscription box meals vs traditionally shopped meals. We can compare food spending per month, as well as estimations of food waste.Beyond just price/cost, we can also dive into satisfaction, time savings, as well as the goals people are trying to accomplish with their meal subscriptions: is it trying to reduce meat, or eating Paleo, clean or a specific healthy diet? Reducing food waste? Trying to make cooking fun again? And to add an element of timeliness, how many people in general want to try a meal subscription plan for health reasons? (this relates to 2021 new years goals).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Can We Guess Your Password?  Idea Description: In this survey, we would try to shed light on how much valuable (to hackers, bad actors) information they reveal freely that could be used to help people guess their passwords.We would ask people whether theyve posted about certain things online: their dogs name, their birthday, their wedding anniversary, their parents names, their kids names, etc. Then, well ask them if theyve ever used those same things as part of their passwords for things. We would (hopefully) get at how passwords that we might think are secure, could actually be deduced fairly easily depending on how much we share about ourselves on social media. To flesh this out, we could ask more about basic password habits. How many people use random auto-generated passwords vs. making something up themselves? Do they think someone could make educated guesses about what their password(s) is based on going through their social media profiles? Have people shared pieces of information about themselves online, only to have it come back and bite them later?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sports and Cell Phone Usage  Idea Description: A while back, a viral video surfaced of sorority girls at a baseball game not even paying attention to what was happening, but taking selfies with their churros and hot dogs. It makes me wonder, in the era of technology and cell phone usage, how many fans use their cell phones at sporting events, or even just watching a game at home? For this study, we can examine cell phone usage while watching sports (in person and on television). Which sports fans are more likely to use their cell phone during a game and for what reasons -- are they texting, snapchatting the game, texting the on-screen instructions to get featured on the big screen? We can also see how many people damage their phones during these events (I know I wanted to chuck my phone on the ground after seeing the Giants lose so many times) -- between using your phone at a freezing cold football game or throwing it across the room at the sight of your team losing terribly. This study can be broken down by specific sports, fan bases, and even gender/generationally.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Future of High Contact Sports  Idea Description: Yesterday, I had a conversation with my uncle and brother about how more and more parents are forbidding their kids from playing football because of how insanely dangerous it can get. With the internet visibility of the crazy amounts of concussions and injuries that happen to football players so frequently, parents arent wanting their kids to play these sports, for obvious reasons. The same would go for sports like MMA fighting, other martial arts, hockey, and rugby. Let survey parents (or the general public, if that will be better for promotions) about what they think will be the future of these high contact sports. Are the potential injuries too much to risk to allow your kid to play that sport? Does the fact that kids are spending more and more time in sedentary, technology-based activities have anything to do with them not being interested in playing these sports/parents not pushing them into high contact sports? Should sports leagues be doing more to prevent injury? What should they be doing more of in this way?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: All About the Money  Idea Description: How are Millennials making money these days? There 's always the traditional job, but a lot of people are opting for side gigs or even second jobs. How many people have thought about starting their own business to make more than they do now? How many actually have? How many millennials are uber or lyft drivers in addition to their current jobs? How many people buy and resell designer clothes or expensive tech? Selling old clothes or books? What are the most popular ways millennials are making money on the side, and how much on avg do they make per month doing these things? We\d ask people if they have an additional source of income other than their main job, and then from there offer them a select all that apply list with the option for not listed: please specify (we can gather the list of secondary income sources through either office crowd-source or a 3-5 question initial survey on Mturk) and then ask them their regular job hours and then their side-gig hours, and how much they make on avg from each income source.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Studying Abroad  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets use ClickWorker and Prolific to gauge student perceptions of international education and study abroad programs on a global scale. This study will be a mixed analysis that polls both students have and have not studied abroad. What percentage of college students study abroad? What is the most coveted country/school (abroad) to study at? How does studying abroad impact the lives and education of students? What are the benefits? What are the disadvantages? Which majors have the highest/lowest levels of motivations to study in a different country? What are the top driving factors? How well does the average foreign exchange student fare at university abroad? Whats the percentage of students who failed the majority of their classes due to excessive partying (fun fact: I recently met someone who failed all their courses while studying abroad in Australia)? Whats the value of studying abroad? Which country produces the most obnoxious students? Which abroad programs are prone to inducing culture shock?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: OK, So Why Havent You Quit Yet?  Idea Description: My wife hates her job but has decided that shes going to ride it out for at least a year. Its a combination of acceptance (this is the best I can get right now), perks (theyre providing free clinical supervision), and a sense of loyalty. I believe this is a common scenario.So for this campaign, well survey people who want to quit their job but have decided not to.Well explore:- The various reasons why not: the mental/internal/perceived hurdles, the practical life reasons (ex: bills) that are holding them back, the aspects of their jobs that are holding them back (salary, perks, etc...)- How people feel about all of this: Is it demoralizing and defeating? Do they beat themselves up over not trying harder? Do they feel lost or stuck? Do they feel like its too late, too hard, or too risky to try something new?- How it affects people: Does it affect their performance at work, their relationship with coworkers, their lifestyle/relationships/happiness? Do they fight or argue with their spouse about it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cohabitation: The Pros and Cons  Idea Description: In todays world, we see tons of couples moving in together before marriage which used to be very taboo. In fact, older generations used to claim those that moved in together before getting married were more likely to get a divorce than those who didnt live together...but we still do it anyways. Lets dive into this further to explore the following:1) How many people did or are doing it currently? And why? (Majority of millennial couples report moving in together before marriage due to financial reasons vs 30% for wanting to deepen their relationship) 2) What people report as good about moving in vs what people report begin the struggles and the tips they can share (The top 5 struggles when living with your S.O. and tips on how to avoid) 3) How many people broke up? Why? And did they have to live together post-breakup? Look at those that broke up by reason of moving in, issues they had etc (1 in 3 live-in couples end up breaking up, Moving in together due to financial reasons has the highest rate of failure)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bodies Across Borders  Idea Description: When I got to college, I frequently heard people express that they were a seven at home, but everyone in the Miami area was so dedicated to fitness, skincare, clothing, ect. that they were a three in South Florida. There was an implication that skinny in some states is very overweight in some states. On the other hand, people in other regions consider Florida Fit as sickly.This similarly applied to physical attributes beyond their possessor 's control. Based on commentary heard from people outside the state, average features that were attractive elsewhere were ugly here. Only perfect symmetry, blemish-free skin, prominent eyes, full lips, and enough hair for 100 wigs allowed here.Let 's see what states/regions are the harshest judges of attractiveness. Are there any particular characteristics one region is much more into than others?How does this change with gender? Girls will often find another woman extremely attractive, but then find men do not share that opinion about that woman (and vice versa)  <|endoftext|>"
