"Idea Title: The End of Competition  Idea Description: Two new commerce concepts Im really interested in (both Amazons, because of course) are the idea of cashier-less stores (where you just get what you want and walk out, with sensors taking care of charging you automatically) and the new 4-star Amazon stores, which are just physical stores filled with Amazons best reviewed products across a ton of different categories. If they truly execute well and scale on building stores like this, it leaves a few big questions: a) How will shopping behavior change in a cashier-less world - the transaction is the same but all the behavior and psychology of it it totally different b) How will a product ever compete if its not in this 4-star category ever again -- for the most part, people just want the best available option of a given thing (like how Wirecutter reviews work) and if there is a store that only stocks a few options, how do others survive c) What do people actually THINK about the idea of shopping in autonomous, cashier-less stores? Lets run a survey and find out!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bedtime Worries  Idea Description: In my new campaign about what keeps people up at night, various types of worry collectively kept up a huge amount of people. For this campaign, well dive deep on what those worries are and who is experiencing them.Well be as specific as we can: What specifically about work are people worrying about, what specific people in their lives are they worrying about, what are the different worries that men and women have?Well focus our assets on promotable topics like: gender, work, family, and finances. I found some significant differences in the other campaign with low-income individuals, unhealthy individuals, and individuals with stressful jobs all having more difficulty falling asleep. Well be able to ask about specific worries related to those topics and more.We can also compare people who do and dont worry (overall, or by each topic) and see how their lives compare. How does worrying in bed affect your life? What are the benefits experienced by people who have been able to control or manage their worry.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Holiday Seasons Pressures on Budding Relationships  Idea Description: Youve entered a relationship with the most amazing human a mere month before the holiday season. How does the commencement of the holiday season affect your relationship? How do people navigate newly formed relationships when the most intimate period of the year is just a hop, skip, and a jump around the corner? How long do you wait before taking someone home for Christmas, and do you feel obligated to make efforts to surprise them with a notable gift?On the flip side, when the holiday season enhances feelings of love and camaraderie between members of a community, people may feel particularly aware of their singleness. Well also look at how single people fare during this time. What percent of people have reconnected with an ex-lover due to holiday loneliness? Or jumped into a new one? How long do relationships born of holiday heartache usually last after we ring in the new year, and are people generally aware their relationships are going to be transient and primarily for the sake of surviving Christmas?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Shopping Hungry Experiment  Idea Description: In this project, lets conduct an experiment to determine if grocery shopping on an empty stomach results in people buying more fatty, high-calorie foods. To do this, well recruit 100+ participants (number subject to change) and split them into two groups: One group will eat right before going shopping while the second batch will be instructed not to eat several hours before they go to the grocery store. Participants will also go shopping at various times throughout the day, like late morning, early afternoon, evening, late-night, to examine if time influences purchasing habits as well. Each participant will be required to submit their full receipt to earn credit for the assignment. From here, well task researchers to pull nutritional information for each item purchased to see which groups made healthier choices. Moreover, well be able to determine which groups spent the most money as well. We can tie this back to the client services by identifying which groups purchased more acidic or alkaline-forming foods.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Punishment for Police  Idea Description: There are so many instances where police overstep and people come out of the wood works to demand their jobs, or defend them. More recently, Scott Peterson is going to trial for not entering the building at Marjory Stoneman Douglas during the mass shooting. Having gone to the school, I see a lot of commentary on the topic and It seems to be a very very polarizing issue... Some think he deserves life in prison, some think prison time is harsh for someone who simply failed at doing his job. For this idea we would survey 1000 Americans on the topic. Wed make sure to capture a 50/50 split between democrats and republicans, because I think a big takeaway from this piece will be seeing that people from both parties fall on each side of the issue. Further, what punishment do people think should be given for different crimes? We would use real world examples 'Ai ie: X% of people think a police officer found doing X should not get paid leave. X% of people think police officers should not be punished for X,Y,Z.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Entertainment FOMO  Idea Description: Tv and movies are now a shared event with people around the world. When it comes to tv shows and movies that become so popular in day to day social media posts or IRL conversations, it 's easy to feel bad if you haven 't watched them. How many people have watched something just because everyone was talking about it, but was less than satisfied with the show or movie? This happened to me initially with Game of Thrones (Until I gave up) and then again with A Quiet Place. What shows and movies have we watched out of pure FOMO, and did we end up liking them or not? Sort of a which ones didn 't live up to the hype vs those that did, and discovering the inner workings of tv/movie fomo such as what it takes for someone to watch it (is it memes like in Birdbox? Well loved celebrities like A Quiet Place? A film marked by scandal like The Interview?) and how much do each of these things affect a person 's desire to watch? Who 's opinion do people trust most when it comes to tv/movie fomo and if it 's worth it or not?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cars and Courtship (good title pending)  Idea Description: Cars have played a crucial role in American dating and courtship for decades, but car culture in the United States has been changing with the advent of alternative fuel vehicles and the rise of environmental concerns of fossil fuels. For this campaign, well explore that shift, comparing the different perspectives and experiences of Gen Z, Millennials, Gen X, and Boomers.n Well also look at gender, because its a dating campaign.Some of the particular areas that we can explore:- How important having a car is/was to dating- Perceived status of various types of cars (econobox, sports car, truck, hybrid, Tesla)- How much people care about a romantic interests car (overall, but also things like cost, comfort, amenities, style, safety, etc...)- How much people care about how a romantic interest treats their car (how they drive, if its clean, if theyre aggressive or impatient, etc..)- Priorities. Coolness vs fuel efficiency, nice car vs no car payment, etc... How have priorities changed over time?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are Your Eyes Bigger Than Your Stomach?  Idea Description: Regarding promo feedback on idea being perceived as body negative, I think we can position this far less as who is overeating and focus much more on the difficulty or inability for people to accurately estimate the number of serving sizes in a package or food item.---Have you ever looked at the portion size on a snack and be shocked to find you 've scarfed down twice the recommended serving? The serving size for oreos is 3 cookies equaling 15 servings per package. However, a quick survey of the room shows that many eat more than 3 in one sitting. This campaign is based off the hypothesis that the large majority of Americans eat way more than the recommended portion without knowing it. To explore this hypothesis, we can show survey respondents a variety of food items and ask them to estimate the proper serving sizes or the total number of servings contained in one package. We 'll use results to estimate the additional calories consumed according to what they perceive to be the proper serving size.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Blue Collar Vs. White Collar Attitudes Towards Politics in the Office  Idea Description: (Collaboratively created with Mel, Asana just has a spot for one assignee)Different work places have different policies and attitudes towards political talk in the office. With the progression of events over the past couple years business and politics in some sectors are impossible to compartmentalize.For this project lets canvas people to find out what kind of work they do and what the official rules are in their workplace for talking about politics. Are some types of workplaces fairly open (for example, marketing firms generating newsworthy content)? Are others more buttoned down (Manufacturers who arent customer facing)?In a subsection of the survey we should ask those involved in hiring what they consider or do not consider when looking at a candidates political posts on social media websites?- Does the content matter (specific view points that are considered disqualifying)- Does the tone matter (profanity / calls to action)- Does the place matter (twitter vs. facebook vs linkedin)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Prepping from Novice to Pro  Idea Description: Please treat yourself to this Vox article on how Doomsday preppers spent last years black friday before thoroughly rejecting this idea - https://www.vox.com/the-goods/2018/11/21/18106830/black-friday-doomsday-preppers-tarps-canning-waterAnyway -- true blue doomsday preppers are one of my favorite American fringe cultures, but it turns out that lots of Americans are jumping on the whole preparedness bandwagon, even if this means buying canned food and batteries rather than building a bomb shelter. For this campaign, lets just ask people if they currently own anything thats meant for emergencies only - canned food, flashlights, emergency kits, etc. What events do they think will necessitate the use of these things -- storms? Power outages? The government being shutdown for years? We could make this survey a combination of practical and interesting (i.e., way more Americans do this than I think I/we realize) and silly (asking about the one for fun item youd want with you in case of the apocalypse.  <|endoftext|>"
