"Idea Title: Streaming Escapism and Feel Good Shows  Idea Description: Modern Escapism: Binge-Watching Netflix to Avoid Life - AffinityWhy Digital-Escapism might be worse than Social Media addiction - Medium--Everyone has their favorite feel good show. It 's the show you put on after a long day of work or when you need to tune out after receiving some bad news. It 's light. The plot is easy to follow. And most importantly, the subject matter doesn 't remind you of whatever you were worrying about.In this idea, we 'll conduct a survey to uncover our streaming habits in relation to stress and escapism. Specifically, what shows do we put on to tune out? What are we avoiding when we put on our favorite feel good show; the 24-hour news cycle, work, family, financial, relationship stress? When you\re feeling overly stressed, do you rewatch old favorites or watch something new? Do you find yourself watching for longer periods of time when you\re stressed?Conversely, what shows do people consider too heavy to watch after a stressful day? Or too dark to binge?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: A Closer Look at the National Travel Survey  Idea Description: National Travel Survey (NTS) is a household survey designed to monitor long-term trends in personal travel and to inform the development of policy. It is the primary source of data on personal travel patterns by residents of England within Great Britain.The survey collects information on how, why, when and where people travel as well as factors affecting travel (e.g. car availability and driving licence holding).The NTS includes a wide variety of personal travel topics (mostly pertaining to daily travel, but also weekends & leisure trips). There is also a section of the data that has Travel purpose by age and gender, Travel purpose by region, Employment status, Trips, stages, distance and time spent travellingThere seems to be historical data (maybe back to the 90s?) so could potentially look at personal travel trends over time.More info about method & survey: https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/821605/nts-2018-technical-report.pdf  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Voodoo Who Do?  Idea Description: Haitians call it Voodoo. Puerto Ricans call it Santer__a. Hippies say its Mother Earth talking to them. Religious folks might say its God. So what is IT and what is this IT that were talking about. Similar to the Perceptions of Prescriptions study, Id like us to survey the professionals. Id like us to survey therapists, priests, rabbis, imams, psychiatrists, psychic, and ask them about the IT. Some questions: -Do you personally believe a 7th sense exist? Something or someone supernatural?-Do you take that belief into your profession? How and why?-Do the people who you engage with believe in the supernatural?-When people come to you and use the supernatural as evidence for a stressor or anxiety, how do you treat them?-What are some shocking supernatural requests or stories youve heard from clients? -Why do you think we believe in the supernatural?-Does lack of sleep effect how we view the supernatural?-Are dreams sometimes confused for the supernatural?-What does science say?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Corporate Away Days and Business Travel  Idea Description: Where are people traveling to for business trips and where are they holding corporate events in the UK? For this idea, lets use a list of the top Premier Inn hotel locations. Well create a survey targeting people from those regions (UK, Ireland, Germany) to see where they are holding their corporate events as well as traveling to for business? Well ask a series of questions exploring the reasoning for their business trips, frequency of trips, satisfaction, location details (i.e. access to public transportation, ease of dinning), types of corporate event activities (i.e. escape rooms, the Qube, the crystal challenge) and more. https://www.gotoevents.co.uk/ Additionally, what are businesses spending on these types of events for their employees and what is the ROI? Happier employees? Or are people annoyed that they have to leave their families to do team bonding activities if its after work hours? Let find out! *This idea was requested by the client and might need some additional work.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Car Maintenance While Working From Home  Idea Description: How many people are thinking of their car while they\re working from home? Are they still using their car regularly? Or has it sat parked for 3-4 weeks? We\d do both a survey and a sort of expert tips thing from the people at Leith cars first, and then see how many people are doing those preventative things. Have you put up a sun shield in your windshield if you\re parked outside? Have you turned your car on every now and again to make sure the battery doesn 't die? Taking the wipers off your windshield so they don 't stick to it? When was the last time people did any sort of service for their car, and what do they plan on doing if that is needed is during the pandemic? Can they change a tire, or refill a tire on their own? Do they know how to check their tread, or their tire pressure? When 's the last time they cleaned their car, inside or outside? Have you disinfected your car since this whole thing started? IF you still drive, do you keep wipes or sanitizer in your car?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do the police make you feel safe?  Idea Description: With nation-wide protests against police brutality, views are clashing over whether or not police forces actually make their communities feel safe. Using a survey, lets understand how safe police make people feel, viewing this generationally and making sure to get a robust sample of people of color, specifically black respondents (publishers will ask). We can ask this question in two ways: Do police personally make you feel more safe? and Do you think police make communities safer for everyone? I think presenting the two questions side by side can show the acknowledgement between personal experience and the understanding of other peoples reality, specifically related to police brutality of black lives. This lends this more of a unifying spirit compared to a campaign tearing into the movement. Finally, lets ask people what their list of reforms would be. Views can be segmented generationally, by political affiliation, and race (if allowed), and done fairly quickly. (2-3 questions and demos).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Losing Sleep Over Love  Idea Description: Whether youre single and talking to potential suitors or in a committed relationship, when love is on your mind, it can definitely impair your sleep. You may stay up late texting or skyping with someone you really like, fantasizing about the person you like, agonizing over someone not texting you back, thinking about something fantastic or terrible that happened with someone you like or are dating, be going through a breakup, etc. Lets survey 1,000 people about their experiences with losing sleep over love. This campaign can cover only the early stages of a relationship/dating, or we could extend it out to all phases. How much sleep is lost during the dating cycle? How much sleep is lost to things like staying up late to use tinder/bumble, and texting in the early morning? How much sleep do people lose in specific love-related scenarios, such as being in a friends with benefit situation, or going through a breakup?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Bad Are Things, Really?  Idea Description: People tend to think the world is a much more dangerous place than it (statistically) really is - this can take the form of true fear-mongering (e.g., our president and the way he invokes all the dangers pouring across the border into America) to the mundane (worrying that if you forgot to lock your home or car that it will 100% be robbed that day). People also tend to really overestimate crime rates in urban areas and underestimate them in rural areas, where per-capita crime can often be much higher.For this campaign, lets just ask people what they think the rate is (out of, say, 1000 people) for different crimes in different places (a mix of urban, suburban, and rural areas) and see how far off they are from actual crime data - what the patterns are, which demos get the closest, etc. It would sort of be a whole campaign with the same idea as the when did it first come out? asset from my previous ADT campaign, but with the takeaway that basically everywhere is safer than you think it is.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cooking as a Love Language  Idea Description: This campaign will be a survey-based execution around the topics of cooking and love. Well conduct a survey that employs a series of questions to see how cooking and food affect attractions and relationships. What percentage of people view cooking as an attractive trait? How many people believe cooking is a love language? What percentage agree that feeding loved ones is a sign of caring? What meals, or food pairings, are ideal for the perfect date night? Additionally, well poll a subset of couples to examine cookings impact on relationships. Is it true that couples who cook AND eat together: are happier? Have more/better sex? Have a stronger bond/intimate connection? Fight less? What about the differences between couples who prefer cooking at home vs. constantly dining/taking out. How does the relationship dynamics shift when the only one partner is the main cook? Are relationships better off when men are involved in cooking? How do habits vary between straight and gay couples? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Plagues of an Undecided  Idea Description: So many college students either a) enter college and dont know what they want to major in or do with their lives and/or b) go through college and stay undecided or change their major tons of times. The process of trying to figure out what you want to do can take you in all sorts of directions, and it may not even be resolved in college. Let survey 1,000 current and previous undecided'Aus about how they navigate not knowing what they want to do with their lives and where they ended up. How do they deal with it? What are the primary sentiments and worries they have? Who is pressuring them the most (i.e. themselves, family)? How much of a priority do they believe it is to actively/consciously soul search about what they should do in life? What stigmas/misconceptions are untrue about them (theyre not passionate, theyre indecisive, theyre lazy, theyre not driven). What the top major and type of career that people who didnt know what they wanted to do found themselves in?  <|endoftext|>"
