"Idea Title: Exonerated by DNA  Idea Description: One of the worst case scenarios in life would be being wrongfully convicted of a crime - especially one like murder. Over the years, many people sentenced to prison have later been found not guilty and exonerated. What are the most common ways people get off? What percentage of them have been becayse of DNA evidence? Where are most of these situations occuring Have exonerations increased or decreased based on presidential administraition? The University of Michigan has created a comprehensive data set of the crimes, races, years served in prison for all exonerated people from 1989 to 2019. I think theres a lot more we can dive into thats not visualized on the Michigan site. We would have a special focus on findings related to DNA convictions - how long did these people serve on average before DNA cleared them? What crimes are most often cleared by DNA evidence? I think focusing on the changes over time, or diving into geographic breakdowns might be most interesting and unique.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Thick Skin in the Workplace  Idea Description: Thick skin isn 't something we all have and in different styles of workplaces you might need to have more or less depending on the job. I had a friend once quit his job because of the way his boss talked to him 'Ai I'm a 35 year old man, I shouldn 't be yelled at! Although this might be true, it 's work, and something that happens to us all at one point or another in our careers. For this idea we\d survey people on the negative aspect of the job, and determine what everyone is really dealing with when it comes to feedback on the job and navigating said feedback 'Ai Positively or negatively. Here we would explore how people have dealt with different types of feedback, how they 've overcome, and what should never be said (or what would make someone quit immediately on the spot). This idea would touch on the negative aspects of the job, and what might push someone over the edge, while delivering a guide for those dealing with these workplace stresses and when to let it go or when to go-off.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: COVID-19 Online Misinformation (Same as Media Trust just more fleshed out)  Idea Description: We are currently in the midst of an infodemic and tech companies are doing their best to battle fake news and misinformation during the pandemic. Lets survey 1,000 internet users on their experiences encountering fake news on COVID-19, their perceptions on the most reliable sources and what they believe is true. We can then compare to what is actually true for example (using or not using gloves) Questions we can ask: Where are respondents getting their news/ information?-social media (if so what platform)-over a messaging platform?-Authority figures?-News sites Have you seen COVID-19 misinformation? -If so where and what siteWhat news publication do you believe has the most reliable news?What news publication has the least reliable news?What is the most misleading headline/information youve seen?Have you done any recommendations given by these sites? If so, what have you done to try and prevent coronavirus? Did you try any that were later disproven? (give a list)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Medical Tourism Trust in Emerging Markets  Idea Description: In modern times, medical tourism has experienced exponential growth as one of the most popular service niches that attract emerging markets. Among popular locations include Thailand, Singapore, Mexico, the Philippines, Brazil due to price advantages and availability of qualified service providers. This project will be a survey-based execution of 1,000 global respondents to measure trust in medical tourism on the world stage. Well design a questionnaire that covers topics ranging from the countries, or cultures, most interested in medical tourism to trust on a domestic and international level. Using these data, we can identify the most trusted countries for medical tourism. What factors do curious patients consider when looking into medical tourism (i.e, credentials, language barriers, board-certified)? What are the most popular surgeries in 2021? Are people more likely to trust certain countries more for various procedures? What procedures are patients willing to travel for? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Many People Dream of Having Their Own Business?  Idea Description: This project would seek to reach the dreamers out there who wish they could start their own business. We would survey 1000 employees to find out if they have dreamed of starting their own business, what type of business, and what has stopped them from acting. We can measure the fear factor associated with taking the leap, demographic differences (what are the different reasons for men vs women), would be interesting to also look at racial disparities and how hard certain groups think they\d have it in the small business world. We would also ask people why they want to start their own business. Do people want freedom in their schedules, seek to become a millionaire, have a passion project? This will be a great piece for FundRocket and ties easily into their product while also having a broad reach in the business community.Would need to make sure it is different from a project from last year: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qUgJlLE8Ul11FPc5y8RwxjvRNy5wAjmPd1NTvy9B7ts/edit?usp=sharing  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Unemployment Over Time  Idea Description: A recent article I read, I think in The Atlantic, about how inevitably at some point there will be a tidal change in public sentiment toward being unemployed. Right now, a vast majority of people are sympathetic to anyone currently unemployed because the pandemic has caused so much unemployment. The article argued, though, that as time goes on and some people remain unemployed even as the pandemic stabilizes, that people will start to feel judgmental of those still unemployed. For this campaign, I propose we run an initial campaign on unemployment sentiment. How do people view unemployment generally? Do they feel its acceptable to be unempoyed right now? Do they think negatively about people who have become unemployed due to the COVID-19 pandemic? Then, in a few months, we run the same survey to see how unemployment sentiment changes over time.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gamings Most Loved and Hated  Idea Description: For this campaign, we 'll survey gamers about the systems, companies, developers/publishers, and series/characters they love and hate the most.Hardware - Which hardware companies (consoles, peripherals, graphics cards) are the most popular? Whose components (ex: Intel, Nvidia, AMD) are ubiquitous but disliked and which peripherals are ubiquitous because they\re loved? How much love does Sony get compared to Microsoft?Developers/publishers - Which do people hate the most, adn is it still EA? Which publishers do people believe release the most consistently great games? Which do people believe are money hungry sequel machines (I remember EA had that reputation), and which companies do people believe good things about (innovating, passionate, advancing video games, etc..)Series/characters - Which are the greatest video game series of all time? Which are the most iconic characters? Which characters do people love and hate the most? Are tehre any great characters who 've been ruined?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Safety Arguments in Relationships  Idea Description: Safety is definitely an emotionally charged topic in a relationship -- you want to ensure your partner is safe at all times, and the worst feeling can be when you think something may be wrong and you arent able to verify it. On the other end though, one can feel overwhelmed if their partner is overly worrisome. Let explore how couples deal with this, and how it affects their relationship in positive or negative ways. How many couples who dont live together have a pact about texting each other when they get home late at night? What other rituals do people have for this? What apps do they use, and in what contexts? How many willingly share their locations, and how many begrudgingly do it to satisfy the other partner worrisome tendencies? What percentage of couples have broken up because a couple was overly worried about their partner safety? Who tends to care more -- men or women? How does relationship satisfaction vary by being overly/under-preoccupied with partners safety?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Money Lost to the Backlog  Idea Description: How many games have you bought and then never finished, or even never started? How does that compare to how much money you spent on games in the past year? How much money have we lost to unfinished video games in the past year? How does this compare by console? Are PC gamers losing more money bc they impulse buy during steam sales and then never play them? We can also include an angle of paying for season passes for games as compared to how often you played that game in the past year. We can also go into why they havent played those games, if theyve found others games they were more interested in, and how many hours they spend playing video games a week. ********************To update this idea, we can add in a coronavirus angle of if theyre now playing through their games in the backlog, if theyve spent money on DLC, or bought new games entirely and ignored the ones in their backlog. How long ago did you buy that game in your backlog that youre just now starting?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Holiday Food, Events and Must-Haves  Idea Description: What types of food do we crave the most for the holidays? Is there something a family member makes you cant wait to eat again this year? What are Americas favorite holiday treats? We could break this down by type of food (baked goods, meals, side dishes, etc..). Do we gravitate towards the Pumpkin Spice Latte because its the season? Do we crave grandmas cookies? On the flip side, we could find out what food people are not so happy to see. Is it your aunts fruit bread? We would explore foods and expand to habits surrounding eating at a holiday function 'Ai Does Uncle Ben double dip? Does your family feed your pets, when you ask them not to? Have you asked someone to bring a certain dish to a holiday, but they brought something else? Has anyone ever showed up with unexpected guests for dinner during a holiday? For this idea we would explore favorite and least favorite foods and dive into habits surrounding food at holiday functions including New Years 'Ai What are 2019 New Years must haves?  <|endoftext|>"
