"Idea Title: Trauma and Sleep  Idea Description: Lets conduct an emotionally captivating study that explores how traumatic experiences impact people, specifically their sleep life. From the loss of a loved one, to facing a serious medical diagnosis, or the passing of a fluffy friend, most people have endured some type of trauma in their lifetime. This will be a survey execution of 1,000 people whove experienced traumatic situation and how theyve bounced back. How many hours of sleep did you lose after X occurred? How long was your sleep cycle a wreck? Did you poor sleep habits bleed onto your partners as well? How frequently do you dream about the experience? How refreshed or fatigued do you feel upon waking? How have other areas in your life (work, life, relationship, sex satisfaction) been affected since the traumatic experience? What methods did you employ to overcome the hardships? Lets breakdown results by gender and generation for interesting insights. Im interested in hearing these stories, so a write-in is a must for this one.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Music Dreams  Idea Description: Add to Old Pitch:Which music fans have the smallest mattresses? Whos listening to music in bed more frequently? What about right before the go to bed, or upon waking up? Does listening to music right before bed lead to more dreams/nightmares? Figured if we could make a stronger connection to mattresses, the client will bite. Old Pitch:There has been a connection between music and dreams reported in many cultures. For this project, lets survey 1,000 people to explore the prevalence of this link in the United States. Do you ever hear music in your dreams? Is it the same genre that you listen to in waking? What percentage of people have dreamt about attending a concert? Were they seeing their favorite bands/artists, or was it a performer theyve never heard? What types of genres are most likely to hear in dreams? What percentages of fans have dreamt about meeting their musical idols? Lets breakdown results by gender, generation, and music preferences to draw interesting comparisons.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Tourists  Idea Description: In this project, we 'll survey 1,000 Brits about their perceptions of Americans tourists. What percentage of people flat out agree that American tourists are annoying, obnoxious, judgmental, agreeable, polite, adventurous, disruptive, etc.? How do Americans stack up against tourists from other major countries like Canada, Brazil, and Japan? What percentage agree that Americans overcrowded public areas and even ruin local hidden gems? What advice do you have for American tourists? How many have seen them behave in a drunken manner? Where are they most likely to interact with these tourists? What percentage of people avoid certain stores, monuments, etc.? How many people purposely book trips to avoid American tourists? How do you spot Americans and other tourists? Who believes they don 't tip enough at local restaurants? Do they fail to understand local culture? What are the most egregious offenses? What behaviors are acceptable to Brits? How many appreciate the business? Let 's find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hating Your Spouses Car  Idea Description: It's not uncommon to hate your spouse's car,whether you consider it tacky, embarrassing to drive in or too flashy. Maybe when you met them years ago, having that souped up mustang was actually attractive. But as couples age, have children, or experience something like a pandemic and its financial impact, having that extra car, a motorcycle, luxury car or holding onto that old gas guzzler might become a huge source of tension. Using a survey, let 's explore which vehicle situations get couples into trouble the most, and how the pandemic has affected these tensions.How many couples fight over their vehicle situation, and what car situations spark the worst fights? How many couples disagree on sacrificing their extra car, downgrading it, switching to fuel-efficient, trading in a car for a mini-van, and other practical measures? How many people fought over car-related situations during the pandemic? What do moms or dads consider a dealbreaker car (motorcycle? 2-seater sports car?...).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Car Buying Online and the Effects of COVID-19  Idea Description: A recent USAToday article looked at how dealerships are being forced to move to selling cars online since dealerships are closed due to COVID-19 (https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2020/04/12/coronavirus-covid-19-online-car-sales/5129667002/). If an acceptable process is worked out, this shift could permanently change how people buy cars beyond the pandemic. For this campaign, well explore how people feel about a potential shift to online car-buying. Would they do it? What pros/cons do they see with doing that? Do people believe they could get a better deal negotiating an online sale vs. in person at the dealership? How important is a test drive (the one part that would still have to take place in person) to people? Would taking away the dealership/in-person negotiations make the process more enjoyable for people?This timely campaign would seek to inform people about a potential trend within the industry while also gathering initial thoughts and sentiment about the shift.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Returning to Work After Baby  Idea Description: Most women hit their childbearing years at essential growth points in their careers. They have at least a few years of experience and they 've forged important relationships with colleagues and clients. If they want families, they have to hit pause on their career trajectories. Now, though, more and more dads are taking parental leave as well to support their new families. How does this time off seem to effect moms and dads returns to the office?Has anyone gotten back to work and found their clients passed off? Has anyone discovered their teams restructured? Who felt pressure to return? Judgment for taking time? How many with husbands say their partner wasn 't offered paternal leave, so all responsibility fell to them to stay home?How many moms and dads found they had to quit or reduce their hours after leave? How many weeks/months did it take for them to feel normal at work again - if ever? How many say their job satisfaction or enjoyment changed after they left and came back?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Eating Better Thanks to Grocery Delivery  Idea Description: If you were feeling lazy and hungry in the past, you were pretty limited, and often to unhealthy foods like fast food and pizza. For this campaign, well explore how the new ubiquity of grocery delivery is helping people eat better without leaving their homes. We can look at this thorough a pandemic lens (how many wouldnt have eaten as healthily during the pandemic without grocery delivery) and a general lens (are people less likely in general to order junk when its just as easy to get good stuff). We can also look at the types of groceries people order (more specialty stuff, more healthy, more organic, etc..) now that theres easier and more convenient access to a wider variety of stores.What percentage of people have ordered groceries when they wouldve ordered pizza? What type of people are ordering more groceries in general, and are thus relying less on takeout or fast food? What percentage of people are cooking more that a home-cooked meal doesnt entail leaving the house?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Covid-19 Diet  Idea Description: What have we been eating since going on lockdown? Have we been generally eating better, and keeping up with our workouts, or worse and eating nothing buy junk food and carbs? What have you eaten the most of since the restaurants closed? rice? pasta? How many people bought fresh food rather than frozen, canned, or dried goods to prep for staying indoors long term? OR have people been ordering more takeout, instead of cooking at home? How much more of our days do we spend snacking now that were home 24/7 with easy access to food we like? How often do they get up and do any amount of exercise each day, compared to how much they eat in a normal day? Are people treating this as a time to focus on their health and diet, or stress eating comfort foods to the max? Or a little mix of both? Are they trying to eat better but none of the healthy food is left on the shelves? How much do they estimate theyve spent on food in the last week, on groceries vs takeout orders?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Could Your House Survive X?  Idea Description: Theres no way in hell my roof can withstand a severe hurricane. Hell, its struggling to do its job in a moderate storm. Last hurricane season was nerve-wracking, and Im wondering how many others are in a similar situation.Well survey people who are exposed to various weather events about how well they think their home could weather the storm. What percentage of Oklahoma residents are confident their home could predict them from tornados of various strengths? How many California residents think their apartment complex is an earthquake deathtrap? How many Floridians like me worry that a hurricane could rip their roof off?Theres potential to expand this beyond just extreme weather. Broadly speaking, this could be a campaign about the ways in which people feel their homes are secure vs vulnerable. For example: could your home withstand a burglary? Is your home vulnerable to mold damage? Are you worried about termites? Are you worried about the structural integrity of your home?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Poor Online Security Habits  Idea Description: We all have had poor online habits at some point and often dont know what they are, what consequences they could bring, or how to fix them. For this campaign, lets create awareness exploring Americans bad online security habits. What percentage of people know if their antivirus is up to date with the latest version? How many people leave their computers without locking them at work? Coffee shop? How many are writing their passwords on a piece of paper? Are they using other software for protection other than the antivirus? If so, which? Spyware removal? A VPN? Firewalls? What are the most common lazy online security habits Americans have? Not using 2-factor authentication? Checking online bank accounts using public wi-fi? Using public wi-fi without a VPN? Surfing non-secure websites? Using the same password on multiple accounts? Clicking on links in unrecognized emails? Are they more alert about cybersecurity post-pandemic?Lets find out who has the worst online habits.  <|endoftext|>"
