"Idea Title: Womens Safety in the Technological Age  Idea Description: Women are familiar with the feeling of walking to the car at night and that feeling of suspicion in your surroundings. What are women doing most commonly in order to feel safe? Washington Post and a bunch of other publications have great articles about what women turn to in order to feel safe, and a lot of it is embracing new technologies designed for womens safety, such as the app Road ID, which sets digital crumbs at points along your run and lists up to 5 emergency contacts who can follow your run. There is your traditional pepper spray, but there are also key chains that can be used as defense mechanisms, little stun guns, and wearables. Lets use a survey of women to see how many women are arming themselves with some sort of safety mechanism. Well also collect general info on how many feel safe alone in their homes, a late night at work, out on the town? Whats the most popular, piece of mind bit of safety tech/methods they use? Do they believe technology is making women safer?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Freelancer Invoicing Woes  Idea Description: As more people have taken on side hustles and started freelance careers over the years, weve started to hear more about what as hassle it is for freelancers and contractors to get paid. Between crazy wait periods for invoice payment (Ive heard up to 90 days between invoice submission and final payment), varying processes for handling invoices, and just keeping track of every last invoice, it can be really difficult for freelancers to make sure theyre getting paid.For this campaign, well use Prolific to target current freelancers/contractors and ask them about their experiences with trying to get paid for their work. Whats the biggest obstacle for them? Whats the longest overdue invoice theyve ever had? How many days does it take from invoice submission to payment on average? How many freelancers have ever lost track of an invoice and lost money/not gotten paid because of it? How many freelancers have struggled to stay current wit their bills due to payment lags and issues?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Home Exercise Review  Idea Description: For this campaign, we 'll focus on people who worked out regularly during COVID-19. We 'll get a run-down on the workout equipment and/or tools that they 'll be keeping and continue to work with, as well as the ones they 'll be getting rid of. Ultimately we 'll have a Home exercise review that looks at average ratings of equipment and exercise styles that are most effective for in-home. We 'll also look at this across home demographics: small, medium, or large space. Which room of the house (bedroom, office, living room, kitchen?), and for what exercise goals to create a unique in-home guide. We 've had some time to try different styles or kinds of exercises, we probably have a good idea of what 's going to stick and what 's not. What % of people are returning or selling their Pelotons? Ditching their in-home HIIT workouts for something less intense? What are the oddest or most expensive at-home exercise tools people have purchased, and are not interested in using anymore?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats Your Relationship With Your Plug Like?  Idea Description: For most people in the U.S., if you want to buy some weed, you still have to go through a dealer, AKA The Plug. You have to maintain a good relationship with these dealers, because they are the source of your weed. But what are these relationships really like in these eyes of buyers? The Lucas Twins have a comedy standup special on Netflix where they talk about how they like drugs but hate drugs dealers because they\re always trying to hang out. On the other hand, I 've had friends who were pretty good friends with their weed dealers. For this campaign, let 's survey people who currently buy their weed illicitly through a plug about their relationship. How did they meet each other? Would they consider themselves friends? Do they go out to each other? Do buyers feel loyal to one dealer above all the others in the area. If recreational marijuana were to be legalized in their state, would they continue to purchase weed from this person, or would they rather pick it up at a store?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do Millennials Know What Time it is in Hong Kong? (Time Zone Quiz)  Idea Description: This idea is close to home for me. I typically buy products that are time released online in different time zones. Ive missed releases because of not properly converting time zones 'Ai Is it today or tomorrow in Hong Kong right now??! How many people know what time it is in the MT time zone? What about Pacific? For this idea we would get a set number of people in different time zones to take a quiz on times in different parts of the world. The goal would be to say that X-time zone residents are the worst at knowing the time in other zones. Further, we would survey people on the things theyve missed because of time zone changes (meetings, business hours, arrival time for flights, etc...). How many people know what time zone California is in compared to Florida or even Hawaii?? How does this compare when looking at generations? Does this change for people who travel more? How many people have missed something because of it? 'Ai A meeting, a television show, or something else?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: TSA Precheck Lapses  Idea Description: We 've had several campaigns about bringing drugs, guns, and other contraband through TSA, but since then, TSA precheck has grown in popularity. As airports get busier and busier, more and more people might opt for this convenient service.But for all its convenience some have pointed out its vulnerabilities. For instance, critics have pointed out that most of the decisions are based on a intelligence-driven, risk-based security strategy that expedite[s] screening for known and trusted travelers. This means if you can beat the algorithm, you\re in, whether you\re truly safe or not.Anyway, let 's explore this perceived vulnerability and the fears people may have surrounding it. We 'll survey 500 travelers without precheck, and 500 with. Are those going through precheck more or less likely to bring prohibited items on to the plane? Was it intentional or unintentional? We can combine this with TSA data on confiscations. https://www.stratosjets.com/tsa_stowaways/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Inheritance Confessions  Idea Description: Not the right for for Stannah, but its an important financial topic so it could be the right fit here.Conflicts over an inheritance can get BAD, turning a loving family into WW2-level adversaries. Even in my own extended family, Ive witnessed stain, struggles, and conflict between formerly close siblings.For this campaign, well do a deep dive on inheritances, looking at both expectations and experiences.Expectations: What people are expecting to receive? How much total is at stake? Are people secretly hoping for a certain amount/item? How many people feel guilty about thinking about their inheritance? How do people expect the process to go down? What percentage of people have discussed with parents/siblings/etc.. how to handle things?Experience/Conflicts: Among people whove been through it, whats it like? Were there conflicts? What percentage have family who fought? What did they fight over and what was the outcome? Is there still bad blood? Etc...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Supporting Black-Owned Busniesses  Idea Description: Collabed on this idea with Kip!----Lets run a super quick survey asking consumers about their buying behaviors toward black-owned businesses in the wake of George Floyds murder. Since the death of Floyd, how many consumers have made a conscious effort to shop with black-owned businesses? Are consumers more likely to purchase/support brands that voice their opinion during these times of unrest? What percentage have unfollowed or stopped shopping with a brand because theyve remained silent? How much money have people spent with black-owned businesses over the past few weeks? How are people finding black-owned businesses? Which black-owned business categories (restaurants/food, car, art, book, etc.) are receiving the most love? Do consumers plan to continue this trend in the future? Moving forward will they do their research into company owners people spending their hard-earned cash? What percentage of all of their future purchase will go toward black-owned/minority businesses?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Do You Hire?  Idea Description: For this campaign, well survey small business owners who have payroll and/or freelance employees about the hiring decisions they make and why.Well explore the upsides and downsides of hiring in general and through various methods (freelance, payroll, friends and family, platforms like Upwork), the decision-making process (when was it time and how they knew, did they hesitate, were they afraid to take that big step, etc...), the upsides and downsides of having employees (ex: necessary to grow business but more exposure/risk), the financial aspects (how much they pay, if theyre profitable, how easy/difficult it is to make payroll, etc...)To expand on this, well survey non-employing small business owners about their future plans: do they expect/want to hire, what are their concerns, hopes, and expectations for being an employer, what forms of hiring theyre interested in.Basically, this will be a deep dive on what its like to hire employees as a small business owner.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Save or Spend?  Idea Description: For this campaign, well survey people about the tradeoff/balance between saving your high-potential investments (particularly cryptos, for this campaign) and cashing out to use them for essentials and life-improving purchases. Theres a weird situation some people find themselves in where they have all sorts of untapped crypto value that they feel unable to use.What percentage of people with crypto are HODLing it at the expense of other potential spending, and to what degree? What percentage feel nervous/ambivalent/uncertain about whether or not they should cash out crypto for other purchases? What percentage of people are actually forgoing desired or even essential purchases because theyre HODLing their crypto?How many crypto owners believe they cant spend/use their crypto because it still has so much value to gain? How do people make these decisions? What percentage of crypto owners consider it an under-valued asset and thus not worth cashing out at any current price?  <|endoftext|>"
