"Idea Title: The Boring Campaign  Idea Description: This would be a campaign about boredom, and we 'll tie it into the client by using the word Snooze somewhere in the final title.Simply put, we 'll explore boredom in people 's daily lives. What are the most boring things people do at work and at home? What percentage of the time are people bored? What percentage of the time are we just killing time? We 'll be able to explore both broad concepts and specifics. For example:Broad:What percentage of people are bored with their lives? In an average day, how much time is the average person bored?What are the most boring aspects of people 's lives - work, commuting, doing chores, etc...Specific:What specifically bores people about their jobs? Meetings, the job itself, sitting next to Joe M?What specifically bores people about their home life?How much time are people bored in certain scenarios - What percentage of people feel bored while having dinner with their spouse, or while hanging out with their friends?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Red Flags & Dating  Idea Description: A recent study from Fidelity Investments found that outside of an emotional connection, financial stability is the second-highest consideration when beginning a new relationship for women. For this campaign, lets continue the conversation by surveying 1,000 people who spend their days swiping left or right to determine the value of financial stability and compatibility when dating. Does a low credit score automatically constitute a left swipe? Does having no cash stashed away in savings make you undateable? Are spenders attracted to fellow spender, or do opposites truly attract? Which financial values must align with a potential mate? How many people have, or would consider breaking off a relationship due to fear of future financial issues? How much money must potential partners be earning for them to be considered dateable? Lets breakdown results by financial success, educational attainment, and generation to see how opinions on money and love vary by different demographics.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: AI Provides Business Advice  Idea Description: In the same vein as Corie/Kristins awesome AI Answers Existential Questions campaign (https://app.asana.com/0/799276020328631/1145435214494440), lets compile a master list of business advice (from quotes to interviews, and more) from the worlds top entrepreneurs and train an AI model to write its own advice. What are the top pieces of advice artificial intelligence would provide to business owners, advertising professionals, and rising students?From here, well survey 1,000 people in the business space and have them rate the usefulness of the AI-generated advice, in addition to scoring quotes from the most influential business leaders. Can our AI business pro. provide better tips and tricks than Richard Branson or Arianna Huffington? We can sort quotes by type of advice and have respondents rate each category (starting a business, staying motivated, applying for a job, etc.). Furthermore, we can also see who respondents are incorrectly attributing AI-generated advice to.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Traveling As A Pet Owner  Idea Description: If you have a furry friend(s), you know what its like to have to go through travel plans. Though some airlines now allow folks to take their pets on board, it can be costly - about $100 - for some. You can leave them with the vet for a few days but that can add up quickly. Or you can leave them at home and ask a friend or family member to check in on them - thats usually the best option. But some people decide to drive and take their pet with them. It might easier with a dog but what about cats? Or a hamster? Or any other pet. Lets ask people with pets or who have had pets in their lives what they do when they travel. How much does that cost? For those who opt to take pets with them, what does that drive look like? What about cat owners? How do they manage? Do they consider the size of their pet? Whats the worst condition people have come to their home after having left a pet alone. Lets find out and also ask if they have any advice to give others who travel as pet owners.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Impact of SAT & ACT Scores  Idea Description: How much do your SAT and ACT scores actually affect you later on in life, as compared to other factors? Lets run a survey and ask people who took the SAT or ACT (or both) what they scored the final time they took the tests (since its possible to take them multiple times) How many times they took the tests, what their current income is, their job satisfaction level, overall happiness, relationship status, and other factors that can determine success that arent financial. We could ask about the college they went to and if they believe it affected their overall happiness/success as well, but only if we feel that fits with the rest of the idea. COVID SPIN: Now these standardized tests and how they will be conducted are in question. Do people think now is the time to remove them? change them? do they think its unfair for recent generations who have had to take these tests? Who feels the most strongly about the reform and changes that may have to occur here because of COVID 19  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Rate Your Career (Ikigai)  Idea Description: For this campaign, we 'll have people rate their career on the ikigai chart (pasted below) and maybe some other metrics (ex: meaningful vs pointless, good vs bad for the world, engaging vs boring, challenging vs easy, etc...).What percentage of Americans have reached Ikigai, and how far into their career? What percentage of Americans feel comfortable but feeling of emptiness and how many are in the delight and fullness, but no wealth stage in their career? How many Americans are optimistic they can reach ideal career fulfillment and financial success? How many believe they 'll be able to improve somewhat but not as much as they\d ideally like to?In addition to exploring the above, we can target some useful interesting takeaways about the individuals who ended up in each category. What career priorities did they have? How hard did they try in school? How much time/effort/discipline do they demonstrate in their careers. That 'll give this a super actionable takeaway.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: So You Wanna Buy a House  Idea Description: How much do prospective first time homeowners believe theyre going to need to spend when they buy their house? From down payment to closing fees and homeowners insurance how much money do people think theyll be spending vs how much have people spent when they bought a house in the past year? (to make sure its even we can make sure were only comparing people who want to buy/bought a house with the same avg listing price, which wed bucket) We could have a select all that apply list asking prospective first time homeowners to choose the real fees vs the ones we made up, and also ask them how much they think homeonwers insurance on avg costs in their state vs what people are actually paying (/ what it actually is.)If we can keep the survey short and sweet then we can get those sweet state breakdowns. But we can ignore that part altogether if wed like and just ask current homeowners about the costs incurred, and what advice theyd give to first time homebuyers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Disrupting Brand Loyalty  Idea Description: How has your favorite brand/store reacted to COVID-19, and how that affected your loyalty to them? How fast do they look for other alternatives when their favorite store is not stocked. How has their return policy impacted your needs? How much are you willing to support or have been supporting your local restaurant/grocery store lately? Are you ready to leave your in-store shopping habits for good?What about those who are buying online and have to wait for their items a more extended period or, as in Amazons case, it tells us it will only give delivery priority to products considered essential. Furthermore, how do consumers feel when their favorite retail store/brand files for chapter 11? For those loyal to a brand, what they do when their favorite retail store closes its doors? How hard is it for Americans to switch to other brands? Do they care at all? Lets explore how loyal Americans are when shopping and how much their buying habits have changed due to coronavirus.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Rental trends, over time  Idea Description: Using Zillow 's Rent dataA smoothed measure of the typical observed market rate rent across a given region. ZORI is a repeat-rent index that is weighted to the rental housing stock to ensure representativeness across the entire market, not just those homes currently listed for-rent. The index is dollar-denominated by computing the mean of listed rents that fall into the 40th to 60th percentile range for all homes and apartments in a given region, which is once again weighted to reflect the rental housing stock. Details available in ZORI methodology.Let 's look at the market rate for rentals in cities across the country month over month from January 2014 though to July of 2020.We can focus on markets that have seen increases/drops since COVIDas well as cities that have maintained and stood the test of time. Which ones have grown exponentially since 2014?Zillow data has data on 104 cities across the US or if you go by zipcode it has more data from other areas.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Generational Look at Entrepreneurship  Idea Description: Let 's run a survey that includes Gen Z and ask them about their perceptions (and possible desires) of starting a business. Have they ever wanted to start a business? Have they tried either successfully or unsuccessfully? Do they think it 's better to start your own business or take a regular corporate job? (This could have an aspect of attitudes on working for yourself vs an conventional desk job among the generations). Are baby boomers trying to start their own business at a lesser rate than younger generations? Do they think it 's worth it to work for yourself vs another company at their stage in life?What percentage of Gen Z\ers want to (or have already started a business) as compared to millennials? (since millennial entrepreneurship is reportedly on the decline) We can also look at what kind of businesses each has tried (successfully or otherwise) to start. IS Gen Z focused on online stores while Baby boomers and Gen Xer 's wanted to start restaurants?  <|endoftext|>
