"Idea Title: How Childhood Sleeping Arrangements Effect Sleep in Adulthood  Idea Description: Lets survey adults on their sleeping arrangements during childhood and in adulthood to identify meaningful correlations.Childhood sleep factors to look at:- Did you have a hard bed time?- What routine did you have to follow before bed?- Did you share a room with a sibling? Bunk beds? Or did you sleep alone?- Did you have a night light?- Were you allowed to keep the TV on? Did you?- How often and for how long did you sleep in your parents bed?- Did your parents lock you in your room at night?- What size bed did you have? Twin v. larger bed v. bunk beds vs. those cool loft beds with desks underneath lolAdulthood sleep factors to look at:- Are you more, less, or equally comfortable sleeping with another person as you are sleeping alone?- Do you need noise to sleep?- Do you need a light/TV on to sleep?- Are you afraid of the dark?- How consistent is your sleep routine? What is it?- How well do you sleep? How many hours, and how regularly?etc  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Largest Employment Changes by Metro  Idea Description: Where in American are jobs coming back most quickly? Where may people be looking to move to for work?Tangential to home and living, lets find the answers to these questions using data from the BLS Monthly Report on Employment by Metropolitan.The data is released on the first of every month and includes the total labor force, unemployed labor force, and the percentage of the unemployed labor force by state and metropolitan. By combining multiple reports from now back to the beginning of the pandemic, we can produce a more comprehensive analysis of employment changes by geo.Using this data, we can contribute to conversations around reopening and compare states or metros that have seen a resurgence in Cornovairus cases.While many are reporting on these monthly numbers, we can offer a more newsworthy approach by providing a more comprehensive look that combines multiple reports. We should expect to update the data if a new report is released (1st of ever month).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Grow, Baby, Grow  Idea Description: For this campaign, well survey established small business owners about how they grew their business. Well explore topics ranging from hours worked, marketing, revenue, startup costs, hiring, etc... to do a deep dive on what it takes to start and grow a business.Which areas did they focus on the most? Which challenges were the most common and the most challenging, and how were those challenges overcome? When did they start earning consistent revenue? How much startup funding did they have, and were they able to grow with revenue or did they need a loan? How many have a business partner, a co-owner, etc...? How many paid out of pocket, lived a lean lifestyle, sold possessions, and made other financial sacrifices to build their business?Which areas did they focus on and which did they pay less attention to? (ex: focused on marketing over the product, focused on volume over profit) How much time, effort, and money did they invest in various aspects of the business?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Social media, affirmation, validation and Sleep  Idea Description: Previously submitted this idea to survey parents about how social media impacts kids\ sleep, but you thought it would be too difficult to determine. Let 's refocus and drop the teens and just look at people overall. Can break down into demos as well and show how Gen Zers and millennials might be losing more sleep than Gen Xers and boomers.Original idea: A new study just came out showing screen time has little effect on kids\ sleep: https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-46109023So how much sleep are teens losing each night on social media, and is it as bad a people think? Do people who post more picture on Instagram or have more followers lose more sleep? and how much?Which social media accounts are they using the most, how long are they staying awake (losing sleep), and we can look to see how it 's impacting other aspects of their lives as well. Is the social media addiction really as big as an issue as some people think, or no? Let 's survey parents to find out  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Intergenerational Living  Idea Description: In some cultures it 's really big to have multiple generations of family living under one roof. Let 's survey across generations (including Gen Z) and see if they\d be willing to have their parents live with them when they reach old age or would they rather have their parents live in their own place, or in more of like an assisted living community? Do current parents think their kids will take care of them when they\re older, or do they expect to be put in a home? For children who have had to face that choice in recent years, what did they pick, and why? For children who have a strained relationship with their parents, how willing would they be to let their parents move back in with them in their old age? Or move in with them at all? How many current parents want to be in an assisted living home when they\re older vs living with family? Are current kids (non parents) more likely to say yes to having their grandparents live with them than their parents?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Firework Danger and Injury  Idea Description: Now may be a timely period to begin production on an Independence Day focused campaign exploring firework injury data from the NEISS, ATF (Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms) Agency, CPSC.The CPSC data source aggregates all the NEISS data and may be the best source for that information.--The NEISS estimates more than 9K firework-related injuries each year. By exporting this data, along with data from the ATF, and CPSC we can conduct a broad analysis of firework injuries over time.The CPSC includes annual reports of firework incidents including injuries by age groups, injuries by firework type, incidents over time, location of injury, diagnosis of injury, injury location by type of firework, injuries by misuse or accident, and more.The ATF includes a very high level explosives report for 2015 to 2018 and includes data related to pyrotechnic explosions. It also explores uses of commercial explosives (Pyrotechnics/Fireworks) in more serious bomb-related incidents.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: No School. Now What?  Idea Description: This campaign will be focused on an actual question that I have: What are working parents doing about their children who 've been sent home from school?How many parents have found themselves in a precarious situation (deciding whether or not to work, deciding to pay for childcare or babysitting,etc..) and what are they doing to handle it? What are parents doing to keep their kids busy, engaged, etc.. while they\re stuck at home? What are parent 's fears about their child 's future and education?How is this affecting their productivity? Are they able to juggle kids and a career? Do they have wfh options? Are they relying on babysitters/daycare? How is that straining their job/income/etc.On a positive note, we can look into the Best practices for handling these situations. How many parents are keeping a routine, continuing learning, delegating time between work and kids (do they have the help of a partner? how can they trade off to share responsibility?), etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Seeking Attention on Social Media, by Generation  Idea Description: One of the huge drivers that keeps social media going is how people use it to seek validation, attention, compliments, etc. While my mom is out there posting out-of-the-blue family pics with sappy captions, people my age are posting pics with minimal clothing, and perhaps being overly personal about their romantic relationships! Let explore how generations compare in posting for attention/validation, including what they post in the hopes to receive attention for, how much value they give likes and comments, and how much they prioritize/are affected by their social media presences. In order to avoid not wanting to admit to bad behavior in our survey, we would ask people what they typically post about, then ask them objectively about what their motivations behind these are, while being careful about phrasing. We could also dive into generational differences in the ways social media adds/subtracts value to their lives in terms of confidence, self-esteem, validation, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Buying Direct  Idea Description: Due to COVID-19, people have been discovering more brands, and more ways to buy directly from that brand, especially with growing need to support small businesses. From wine to beauty, as well as food, there is this perception that we may be saving money from buying direct, avoiding middleman costs, and avoiding giving Jeff Bezos all of our money, all of the time. Using a survey, lets look at how our buy-direct shopping habits have changed since COVID-19, how many people are purchasing directly from a brand, as well as their perceptions of it. Are they doing it for cost savings? Do they feel this supports small business? Which brand category have they seen the biggest benefits (cost and quality)? How are they being introduced to direct-to-consumer products (Instagram? Facebook?). This would be a general exploration of peoples purchasing experiences, perceptions and if theyll continue to buy direct even when theyre no longer reticent to shop in-store due to COVID.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: First-Night-Effect  Idea Description: Do you find yourself having a difficult time getting a good night 's rest when in a hotel? On a friend 's coach? In a relatives guest bedroom? Well, there 's a common thread that runs among these places: They are all novel environments that your brain is not used to sleeping in. In 2016, researchers from Brown University conducted a study that found what they called a First-Night-Effect among their participants where our brains go into survival mode when we sleep in environments that were are not used to. Apparently one of the hemispheres in our brains remains more awake than the other so that we can be better able to jump awake when strange sounds approach. We can build off of this research to see what type of novel environment causes people to have worse nights of sleep than others. Is it one of the three I mentioned at the beginning? Is it an AirBnB? Is it in the car? We can also look into how sensitive people say that they are of audible disturbances at night.  <|endoftext|>"
