"Idea Title: Sleep Aid Confessions  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore the various medications and other remedies that people use to fall asleep.Well find out which ones are most popular, which ones are most effective, etc... and then correlate their usage to various other factors, like healthy habits and lifestyle choices.Well explore: Perceptions: How do people feel about sleep aids? Are they safe? Are they effective? How often is too often, and how much is too much?Usage: How frequently do people use sleep aids? Why do people use sleep aids? Why sleep aids do people use the most, and which ones are the most effective?Effects: How well do sleep aids work? Do people feel like they sleep better or worse when they use them? Are people who use them reliant on them, or concerned that they could be?User/non-user comparisons: Are non-users healthier? Are they sleeping more/better? Are they feeling better on a daily basis? Are they more likely to live a healthy/happy/upstanding lifestyle?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do Old People Think Other Old People Are Hot?  Idea Description: Do Old People Think Other Old People Are Hot? This is the question Vice asked in an article available here in which they interviewed seniors: https://www.vice.com/en_uk/article/qvqk87/do-old-people-think-other-old-people-are-hotBut let 's expand on this topic to explore the dynamics between age and attraction. Using an MTurk image-tagging task, we 'll have users rate their attraction to 100s of individual photos of men and women. We 'll also collect the respondent 's respective age and gender as well as any other demographics we feel may be interesting.For an added promotional hook, we can include celebrity photos in the mix as well (or limit to only celebrity photos).Previous studies have found that men are consistently attracted to younger women, no matter their respective age. The hope would be that we could show this trend as well as uncover new trends specifically around attraction of elderly men and women. See here:http://i.imgur.com/Ijgzwsk.png  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Blue Collar Stability  Idea Description: Because of the instability caused by COVID-19, many are wondering if they should change their careers into something more essential, in order to survive future downturns due to pandemics and contagions. In a survey I ran for College Finance, around 47% of employed people surveyed said COVID-19 has them thinking about essential worker jobs, and within the top 5 jobs people would change careers into, manual labor and construction were among them. Using a survey, let 's explore perception of blue collar job stability in the face of the pandemic, and where people may be looking to pivot in the blue collar realm. Are people looking to supplement current jobs with blue collar work as a contingency plan for a second wave of coronavirus? How may people with higher ed degrees are doing so? We can use BLS stats on blue collar trends, and a survey to determine which blue collar jobs are specifically appealing, and how their perceived in terms of job stability for the future.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Quarantine Schedules  Idea Description: Theres a hilarious Twitter trend happening now where users post their quarantine schedules: https://twitter.com/search?q=quarantine%20schedule&src=typed_query. In this project, lets survey 1,000 people about their daily schedules while quarantined. Well filter respondents by employment status to see how day-to-day activities varies. Whos spending more time on self-care habits (which habits)? How many people accidentally skip lunch? How much more time are people spending glued to screens? How much time are people dedicating to physical fitness? What are the top shows/movies/games people are consuming during this time? Which schedules lead to the most productive workers? Which schedules area contributing to depression anxiety?The key here will be to identify specific, niche hobbies people are employing to pass time in quarantine. Not only will this galvanize readers who come across the page, itll also be used a resource for how to survive quarantine in 2020.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Your Bedroom Personality  Idea Description: Our bedroom styles in terms of cleanliness, style, temperature, noise level, decor emphasis, etc. more can vary widely, and these things can also reflect a lot about our personalities and affect the quality of our sleep. Let survey 1,000 people about their bedroom personalities. Do people prefer bedrooms that are worn-in or fresh/new and minimal? Do people prefer a ton of throw pillows, or is less more? Do people prefer having a ton of personalized stuff around their room, or a minimalistic style? How much do people prefer having music in their room, and what times of the day do they play it? Where do they keep their alarms? How do people keep the temperature? We can pair answers to these to questions about personality, as well as how they affect quantity and quality of sleep.In addition, if someone alters your typical bedroom habits, such as changing the temperature a lot, how much does it affect us? Basically, how tied are we to the ways we like our bedrooms?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats It Actually Like in Assisted Living?  Idea Description: The goal off this campaign would be an exploration of what its actually like living in an assisted living facility. As long as we can get a decent sample of people who are living in some sort of senior living scenario (supplemented by a survey of people who visit their relatives there) we can ask them all sorts of to learn about what its like.Well look at things like:Overall sentiment - Do they like it? More or less than they thought they would? What are the benefits and downsides?Daily life - Do they do activities, do they hang out with friends, do they get exercise, etc...Friendship and companionship - How many feel lonlier? How many feel less lonely? How man have a clique or a group of new friends? How many found a new romantic interest?How they ended up there (and what it felt like) - How did they feel about being sent there? Or did they decide? If their families fought, did they feel bad about it? Did they feel like they were being abandones  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Desperate Times, Desperate Measures  Idea Description: This one might be a long-shot, but since I saw a mention of it in one of our recent projects (a quote talking about it) and my sister (a nurse) was recently talking to me about this so I thought we might be able to spin it... People complain about our healthcare system and medical expenses. With the cost of medication rising each year, people (especially the elderly) are getting desperate and relying on other countries to fund their medical needs (like Canadian pharmacies, out-of-country procedures, durable medical equipment- DME, etc). Im not sure how realistic it would be to survey people who have done this (probably a challenge to find), but it might be interesting to dive down the rabbit hole. Who would consider doing this? Do you know someone doing this? At what circumstances/$$ amount would you consider this? Stuff like that. I can try to elaborate further if were interested, but wanted to get input first (not sure how feasible/strong the idea is).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Blockchain Cities  Idea Description: The Bureau of Labor statistics presents jobs and wage information on a variety of computer and information jobs, tracking growth throughout the years. But a new stand-out occupation that marks an entirely different development in the tech space has appeared, and its Blockchain engineer. There are only around 400,000 jobs so far, and the United States is the leading country for investments in blockchain companies (by financial institutions) and it isn 't going away anytime soon. The BLS projects this job is going to grow faster than average (with 5-7% job growth from now until 2029). For this campaign, we 'll do a full look at the blockchain developments across the country: We 'll use BLS data to map blockchain engineering salaries by state. Which city is paying out the most for this job? Then we 'll look at the cities that are accepting crypto payments. Ultimately, our look will give us a look at where blockchain is booming and perhaps closer to a real currency.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How we Perceive the Handicapped  Idea Description: Parallel surveys comparing responses from the handicapped to the non-handicapped on how they are treated in society. What aspects of their lives do they feel are most affected in regards to how they are treated by general society? We can look at what common handicaps are most closely related to which difficulties in life. (E.g. Romantic Opportunity, Education, Raising Children, Ect.) People in the differently-abled community often get defensive when its suggested that they have more difficult lives or feel sorry for them, so to speak. They seem to not feel they are nearly as disadvantaged as general society thinks they think they are--whether this be because they have never experienced a life without their disability, they have genuine, effective ways of compensating for whatever they lack, or a combination of both. We can look at the demographic and lifestyle factors differing between people who see their disability as such and those who see it as just another thing  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Separating Work Life from Home Life While Remote  Idea Description: When youre working remote and home literally all day, and all of your work materials are easily at your disposal/just a few feet away at all times. It can be super hard to draw a fine line between when it work time and when it time to turn it off. What do people do in the morning, during the day, and after work to make this distinction? What kinds of styles/schedules do people have with divying up their work day (working much more than 8 hours because theyre taking multiple breaks? Just working straight through the 8-hour day?)? Which of these styles are the most conducive toward mental health? Whats the ideal amount of time you should take for yourself before you go right into work? What should you do first thing after work? What kinds of rules do people implement during the workday, like changing into a decent outfit, turning off their phones, refusing to run errands, eating super quick lunches, locking their door if they live with others, etc.?  <|endoftext|>"
