"Idea Title: 360 Ai Hiring Experience  Idea Description: Part I:Let 's source resumes from our network then feed them to prompts.ai with instructions for it to rate and review each one. We 'll have AI score resumes based on fabricated job listings and provide advice on areas in which they can improve. We 'll then hire a panel of hiring managers, and HR/recruitment specialists to screen 5 of the resumes submitted. Do these human reviewers come to similar conclusions as our AI screener? We can promote this part as a B2B piece on how we can effectively automate pre-screening as opposed to algorithmically (which candidates have found ways to hack). Part II:On the other end of the spectrum, let 's return feedback to those who submitted resumes and get the candidates take on the comments. How do candidates feel about the quality of feedback they\re typically given by job they apply to (hypothesizing that it 's poor)? Does having an AI screener providing instant feedback a way to prevent leaving candidates hanging?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The politics of Chambers of Commerce  Idea Description: Most people assume the national and local Chambers of Commerce exist to simply help businesses. In fact, in many states these organizations spend the most money lobbying state legislatures. In fact, the US Chamber usually outspends every other interest group in the US. In 2020, the US Chamber spent $82 million dollars lobbying. The next spot? Big Pharma at a measly $26 million. * Consider, there are chambers of commerce for almost every county in the US, in addition to state-wide Chambers AND a National Chamber, all of whom potentially spend money lobbying for pro-business policies... As a small business owner, paying dues to your local Chamber may result in your Chamber lobbying on behalf of Big Business subsidies for Walmart super centers or Amazon warehouses.Policies and parties they spend money to support would be extremely interesting. Typically the Chamber is seen as an arm of the GOP, but small business owner ideologies are as diverse as they come.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hoarding in Cars/Car Hygiene  Idea Description: People have very specific styles when it comes to how they utilize their cars: some hoard a ton of their belongings and junk (clothes, sport supplies, makeup, food wrappers, etc.), while others keep them pristine! Let survey people about leaving junk in their cars and then look deeper into their lifestyles. How do genders and generations differ in how they keep their car? What are women hoarding in their cars, and what are men hoarding? Why are they hoarding (laziness, never know when theyll need it?) How attractive/unattractive is it when people have a ton of junk in their car? How do stress levels, feelings of motivation, and feelings of success compare between those who have a ton of crap in their car vs. those who dont? Can we find differences in likeliness to speed, get pulled over, get into accidents? We can also look into people keeping valuables in their car to get takeaways like Millennials keep an average of $X worth of belongings in their cars.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Career Power-Couple  Idea Description: Dual income households have increased from 49% in the 70 's to 66% today, the majority among the nation. With this dramatic increase, it 's become more difficult than ever to separate work from one 's relationship.In this idea, we 'll conduct a survey to further explore this complex dynamic. We 'll focus on individuals who are in active relationships where both partners are currently pursuing a professional career.How often do these couples talk shop at home? What percentage met at work or work in the same industry/business? How often do they seek or provide professional advice from their partner? What are the most important factors to make a dual career relationship work? To what degree do they feel they or their partner 's career negatively affects their relationship? Do they have children or do they plan to delay having children due to their careers? Have they discussed if one partner will stay home to raise their children and if so, how do they decide?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Taking Care of Your Parents  Idea Description: How much are millennials and Gen Z thinking about how theyll have to care of their parents, if they arent caring for them already? At what age did they really start to consider what theyll do to take care of their parents? Do they already know if they plan on having their parents live with them or if they want to send them to an assisted living home? How many are worried about their parents health, and how old are they? Have they thought about at what age theyd take their parents keys from them? If theyre married have they talked about any of these things with their partner, and do they agree on what to do? How many have been in fights over whats going to happen to their parents? For people who have had to make the choice, did they choose to put their parents in a home, or have them move in with them? How many millennials or Gen Z are planning on taking care of their parents eventually? Are millennials financially planning for it already?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Demand and Preparation  Idea Description: Looking at fields in high demand in Australia today (https://www.businessinsider.com.au/most-in-demand-jobs-in-australia018-2-2018-2) does the current workforce (let 's say ages 21+) have what it takes to meet the requirements? To figure out if they\re prepared, we could probably break down what specific skillsets each of the high demand jobs would require. Using Better Policies for Better Lives dataset (https://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/search?option1=pub_themeId&value1=theme%2Foecd-31&value1=theme%2Foecd-33&option2=pub_countryId&value2=country%2Fau), let 's jump back in time and see how men and women were scoring (education data) on tests and at what rate they were graduating from present day until about 30 years ago (if they\re about 51 and still in the workforce). Dataset allows us to look at reading and math scores, for example. Who was more prepared? Men or women? What regions of Australia? Are there any educational policies that have impacted the workforce?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Optimal Defendant Facial Hair  Idea Description: For this hairy campaign, we would get a subset of guys in the office who can grow beards and get a photo set of the four following looks - clean shaven, stubble, full beard, (shaved to) goatee, (shaved to) mustache. If we get 8 people for this we would have a set of 40 photos, meaning we would need to survey 1000 people to get 25 looks at each photo (we set this all up in SM).By having the same people in each photo and only changing the facial hair, we can accurately guess that the change in facial hair would be accounting for differencesUsing the photo set, we would ask people (for individual photos) how trustworthy, intelligent, likable, etc, the photos are. We would also give them mixed sets of 5 (one with each facial hair makeup but different individuals) and ask them who is most likely to be guilty of various crimes. Finally, wed say that the person pictured had just won a lawsuit for [insert situation here] and ask how much money they should be paid  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sacrifices Youd Make to Go to Your Dream School  Idea Description: Many of us grew up with 1 or multiple dream colleges in mind, possibly because our parents socialized us into being fans because the schools were their alma maters, or maybe because we loved the location, majors offered, or high prestige. For this campaign, let explore the lengths people would go and have gone to make it into/go to their dream college in terms of debt theyre willing to accrue, numbers of miles theyre willing to move away to, high school relationships theyd willing to break off because of the huge distance theyd move away to, etc. What sacrifices would people make to go away to their dream college? And what are people college dealbreakers and dealmakers in terms of things like offering certain majors, being in a certain type of area (small town, country, city, etc.), and moving away or staying close to home? What are the biggest factors people consider in what theyre willing/not willing to give up to go to a certain college?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep and Travel  Idea Description: Time changes, cancelled flights, delayed departures, theres a multitude of things that cause us to lose sleep during travel, so lets explore this furtherWhat happens to our sleep before traveling? Are people more strict about their bedtimes the night before? What about travel anxiety that keeps them up? What are the top ways people ensure theyre fully prepped for their voyage the night before.Whats the worst method of travel to sleep on? Planes, trains, or road trips? What about the best? How many have taken advantage of napping rooms at airports (saw one in the PHL airport) or similar amenities?Do people account for their sleep when booking rooms at hotels and Air BnBs? How much are they willing to splurge? How many lose sleep because of noisy neighbors or other uncomfortable conditions? How do those who go super minimal and backpack do with their sleep? What are the top methods for fighting time changes/jet lag once youre back in your home?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ex-Etiquette on Social Media  Idea Description: In the era of social media, it is incredibly easy to share moments of our lives with the people we love. But what happens when you end a relationship with someone, how likely are you to continue allowing that person to see your posts? Lets survey people to see how they handle social media at the end of a relationship or a friendship. Are people more likely to block ex-lovers than they are to block ex-friends? Does the likelihood for removing an ex from your social media change based on the reason for the break up? At the end of a longterm relationship, do you remove your exs friends and family members from your social media? Does the thought of having to remove someone from your social media in the future (such as a hookup or a short-term relationship from a dating impact) influence whether or not you add them to your social media in the first place? We can also ask respondents if theyve had any weird or crazy stories while interacting with ex on social media.  <|endoftext|>"
