"Idea Title: Small Biz Digital Transformation  Idea Description: How many employees at small businesses are undergoing a digital transformation at work due to COVID-19? Whether that 's beefing up their online commerce offerings or becoming more agile in response to cut labor force, digitally indifferent companies are now being forced to adapt to survive. Tech Republic recently covered a huge study done by Facebook and World Bank on this matter. Let 's use a survey to explore employee and employer perspectives on this topic. Do employees feel like their companies are adapting fast enough? How digitally mature is their company? Is the use of a technological platform a part of their production, organizational or management process? Do they still use paper files and fax machines? How many adopted instant messaging, cloud-based documentation processes, and training? How many workplaces feel culturally resistant to these changes? And finally, how does morale and business confidence change by level of digital transformation?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Well do Americans Understand Their Health Insurance  Idea Description: Repitch:This idea might be more relevant on a date closer to November (open enrollment 2022 begins). It depends on when these ideas would enter promo (and if it gets selected). It has happened to many of us. We pay our health insurance for a long time without using it, and when the moment comes, we do not know where to go, where to call, or how the process works. Since we are facing a pandemic, it is crucial to be aware of how health insurances work. So, lets see what percentage of people are aware of it and prepared. For this campaign, lets survey people about their knowledge of their health insurance. Lets do gender and generational breakdowns.What percentage know the name of their health insurance provider? Do people understand health insurance terms? Who has no idea about what a deductible or co-pay mean? Did they know why they picked the plan they currently have? Are people aware of where to call if they need to use their health insurance?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Using Keyboards for Good: Early Parkinsons Detection  Idea Description: Can we utilize computer keyboards to make strides in the medical industry? Parkinson 's, a neurological disorder that causes uncontrollable tremors, may be able to be detected in the earlier stages via an applied typing test. Using the below data of people 's keystrokes with & without Parkinson 's, we can draw important conclusions regarding the effectiveness of this testing methodology. We can also use patient info to breakdown by geography, geographics, etc.The dataset contains keystroke logs collected from over 200 subjects, with and without Parkinson 's Disease (PD), as they typed normally on their own computer (without any supervision) over a period of weeks or months (having initially installed a custom keystroke recording app, Tappy). This dataset has been collected and analyzed in order to indicate that the routine interaction with computer keyboards can be used to detect changes in the characteristics of finger movement in the early stages of PD.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Controversial Topics and Workplace Productivity  Idea Description: The divisions between political ideologies have become sharper and more volatile than ever before, leaving many of us unsure of how to have conversations with people who are different than us, including our colleagues at work.But although we may try to keep things civil, it can be hard to completely avoid discussing current events in the workplace. Lets survey employed people to find out if discussing controversial topics has any impact on their willingness to work as a team and independently. How many feel ostracized or ignored once they revealed their opinions on certain issues? We can go past politics and ask people which topics theyve discussed at work: personal finance, salaries, politics, religion, sex, etc. Are those who have these conversations more or less satisfied at work? More or less connected to their colleagues? This could be especially interesting in an election year. Is it ok to discuss these major current events in the workplace?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Reinventing Your Career at Midlife  Idea Description: Why are there people who decide to change their careers and follow a new path or passion? Why are adults who desire to change a career path discourage?People who consider changing careers are not alone. While changing careers at a certain middle age and leaving an industry in which you may have invested much of your adult life can sound scary it can also turn into a pivotal point in your career and life if that is what you truly desire.So, is there a limit age to try a new career path? Or is it that, now that you have a family and obligations it scares you to make a major change in your life? What are you willing to go through in order to achieve this goal? It seems like sometimes people limit themselves from achieving career satisfaction because of age and because of their marital status. So, lets find out by surveying 1000 people who have switched careers in the past 5 years or who have thought about making a big change at some point in their lives.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Rebooting Safest States for Seniors  Idea Description: After conferring with our promotions members, we think this campaign could do well if we streamline and simplify the data variables used in this campaign by creating a Senior Safety Metascore. We 'll combine variables to create an overall safety rating by state, then we can produce heatmap visuals, instead of the bar charts and stats which are overwhelming on first glance. We can filter this metascore by gender, as well as race, and we can even distinguish between unintentional accidents resulting in senior fatalities and intentional ones (violence). We can also get more hyper-regional by adding in county data. I think we should remove self-harm and suicide from this metascore when talking about safety, as these variables are beyond crime and accident injury and are way more geared towards mental health, so to mix them into an analysis on state safety seems misplaced. It might be just my sentiment but senior suicide should get it 's own campaign.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Losing Sleep Over Your Relationship  Idea Description: COVID-19 has been tough on our sleep, but its also been tough on our relationships. Couples have broken up, filed for divorced, or taken breaks from one another due to quarantine and the unprecedented stress of 2020.For this survey, lets look at what issues people are losing sleep over, when it comes to their relationship. This will be an exploration of the troubles relationships have had to deal with this year: tensions over COVID-19 quarantine, election stress, disparate sleep schedules, spending too much time together, stress over finances during COVID, differing opinions on gravity of pandemic, etc...On the flipside, lets ask what strategies have been good for couples: Separate work spaces, sleeping in different rooms, taking a trip, taking a vacation from work at same time? Separate workout times? Ultimately well see whats worked for couples and highlight the things people most commonly lose sleep about when it comes to their relationship.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Working From Wherever  Idea Description: Re-pitching with a revised description.Survey-based execution of 1,000 employed people currently working remotely with the goal being to explore perceptions of digital nomads in the age of COVID-19. What percentage of people have traveled to a different state to work remotely? What were the reasons for traveling: To be closer to friends/family or a lover? How long did they stay? Perhaps for a change of scenery? Are respondents tempted to break their lease and embrace the digital nomad lifestyle? Are employees informing their employers of their travels? What inspired this urge to work while traveling (social media influencer, tv/show, etc.)? Of people working remotely indefinitely, what percentage plan on traveling to work? Where do they plan to go? After getting a taste of the remote life, how many employees intend on staying remote and traveling around the nation, or the world? Lets examine results along generational lines and broad industry groupings.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep On Big Decisions  Idea Description: A common piece of advice in many scenarios is to Sleep on it so let 's find out how common that is and if it 's good advice.What type of things do people most often sleep on, and how beneficial is it for each scenario? How often do people change their minds or make a better decision because they slept on it?If we want to take this even further and a little bit more conceptual, we can expand the campaign to explore decision-making more broadly, especially when it comes to finding the balance between decisive and making an informed and well-considered decision. Are people happier when they really labor over their choices, or are they equally satisfied with the results of a quick decision? Which type of person is usually happier about their decisions - the person who researches and ponders, or the person who just goes with it? There is some really interesting research out there about how usually our brain tricks itself into liking whatever we choose.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When Tears Take Over: Crying at Work  Idea Description: Considering about one-third of human life is spent working, it can be difficult to avoid heavy emotions, like crying, while on the clock. In this project, lets survey 1,000 employee people to figure out if its ever ok to cry at work. What percentage of people have cried at work? Well examine this question by age, gender, employment level, and company size. We can also determine if crying at work (from home) is more common amid the pandemic. How many people have cried during a Zoom call? What are the most common reasons for crying at work? Does crying at work feel good? Is it a sign of an honest work culture? Should it be normalized? Whats more, we can ask people to describe what they think about crying co-workers and managers. Are tearful people seen as warmer, more human, but less competent and soft? How do managers changed their interactions with employees who cry? Do they engage with them less? How do you handle an employee who cries? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
