"Idea Title: Coffee vs Tea  Idea Description: Lets survey 1,000 people to determine who has the healthiest habits: tea drinkers, coffee enthusiasts, or people that abstain from both.Are caffeine drinkers more likely to go to bed later because they use caffeine to help with mornings? Do they get worse sleep due to dehydration? Topics to explore:1. Which is your preference? (Tea, coffee, espresso drink, etc)2. How many times a week do you consume it?3. Where do you brew? (at home, Starbucks, specialty shop, etc) --> quantify this for a finance angle4. For respondents that travel for their drink of choice (not brewed at home), how much time does that add to their day? (Adds 10 mins to their daily commute) --> business angle5. Whats the latest hour youd drink your beverage of choice?6. What time do you wake up/go to bed?7. On average, how long does it take you to fall asleep? 8. Rate your average sleep on a scale 1-109. Rate your average work productivity on a scale from 1-10  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Too Many Doctorates  Idea Description: Almost every year, a landmark article comes out somewhere like The Atlantic or the Chronicles of Higher Education that laments the state of graduate programs, particularly the research PhD -- universities add more and more PhD programs without adding more positions for faculty, which means the vast majority (as high as 80%) of people who earn PhDs with the hopes of becoming a tenure track professor will never get there. Many teach as adjuncts for very low pay or move on to industry, but sentiment surveys about grad programs in the US consistently show that the financial, emotional, and psychological strain of these programs are among the worst of any white collar job.So why do people keep enrolling in them? Lets find out. We would survey people either pursuing a PhD or who recently got one and ask things like a) why did you go b) what do you hope to do after c) do you think youre adequately prepared for a career other than your top choice, etc  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Can Being Eco-Friendly Help You Sleep Better?  Idea Description: Eco-friendly consumerism has become increasingly mainstream over the past couple of years, especially in the realm of mattresses. For this project, lets set out to determine if being eco-friendly can help you achieve a blissful sleep. Well deploy a validated scale of environmentally friendly consumer behavior and split respondents into two groups: Eco-conscious consumers and non eco-conscious consumers. From here, well follow up with a series of questions to identify which group receives the best sleep quality. Does living an eco-friendly lifestyle leads to more, peaceful sleep? Do they have an easier time dozing off? Are they less likely to experience nightmares? How often are they waking up in the middle of the night? Do they feel refreshed upon waking? Moreover, how do nighttime and morning routines differ between these two groups? Does a no-screen time rule and meditation lead to better sleep quality and overall life satisfaction? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: So You Think You Can Open a Restaurant  Idea Description: So many people have this big idea that they want to open a restaurant and that their food will be the best on the block, beloved by all and heralded as a hometown favorite- but do they have what it takes to actually go through with it? Theres the lease for your space, equipment, marketing tools, the food and drinks (not to mention the liquor license), and much more. The data would come from a survey of current or former restaurant owners and wed ask them how much they paid for each of those costs. (wed ask the year they opened to make sure were counting for inflation, getting people whove opened a restaurant in the past 5 years might be tricky.)Then, the resulting assets can break down those costs overall (Ordered from most to least important/optional ones like the liquor license), but include a fun little flow chart interactive of choices and show them at the end how much money their fictional restaurant would need in order to open.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Drivers evolution  Idea Description: This campaign would be a look at innocence, harkening back to a simpler time, where the open road meant freedom. Wed run a survey asking about early car experiences, how they translate to your adult interest in cars, and trends with newer drivers. Wed ask things like:- How many gearheads got a car when they were 16- How many people in each generation have changed a tire/oil? - Can gen z drive stick?- How many people got a car when they were 16 - how many had to pay for it themselves? - How many people worked on cars with their dads, and how much do people like cars now if they did?- How many people got their gas paid for- How old was the first car they got? - How many people got in accidents in the first year? Scratched their cars, etc. - How many people broke their parents driving rules, and what rules existed? Are kids getting worse in the 21st century?Basically, lets put ourselves back to being 16 again with this campaign.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Curbside Pickup  Idea Description: In a matter of a month, curbside pickup has gone from a relatively new means of shopping to the primary method for customers around the country. More businesses than ever now offer you the ability to shop without leaving the comfort of your vehicle. With so many people using this service for the first time, were likely to see an impact on consumer behavior long into the future.For this campaign, we will conduct a timely survey of 1,000 people to explore how theyve adapted to curbside shopping services and whether it has proven to be more efficient or less stressful than traditional shopping. How much time do you save on a grocery trip using curbside pickup vs. without it? What is the average wait time? How much more or less stressful is curbside shopping? Which types of businesses have you found most useful? Which businesses do you want to offer curbside pickup that havent yet? Would you use curbside for clothes shopping, hardware shopping, etc.?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: McMansion Hell: The Campaign  Idea Description: McMansion Hell has long been one of my internet favorites - basically, its a blog with a smart snarky voice that visually deconstructs the science behind why mcmansions are absolutely awful. The blog often takes a topic (like balanced asymmetry) and shows an example of a house that does it well and then a mcmansion that does it horribly, going into great detail to show why the mcmansion is doing it so horribly.For this campaign, wed collect demographics and then have people just rate a bunch of pictures of houses for how pretty it is, how much theyd want to live there, etc. These would be shuffled matched pairs of small houses with great design and mcmansions that violate those design principles. Essentially, wed figure out which demographics love or hate houses that are big but ugly vs the ones who appreciate the finer things, and the overall narrative would be something like bigger isnt always better and good craftsmanship trumps gaudiness.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: No Means No  Idea Description: Women have been coming forward with their stories about sexual assault in droves in the past week or so given the Senate Hearings. Folks have been challenging men to act and do better even when theyre drunk because drinking is not an excuse. DKE, kavanaughs frat, is notorious for getting women drunk and spiking them - the whole no means yes and yes means anal issue. But where do these men go? Do they regret their decision if they sexually assaulted someone? Do they care about getting caught? Were they drunk or on drugs? How did they realize they had assaulted someone? Did they tell anyone about it? Are there men who didnt realize until recently that they might have assaulted someone? How did they handle it? How are they handling it? Did they approach the person? How did that conversation go? Where are they know? What careers do they have? Do they have children? How has their history with being an assaulter effected them? Do they tell their partner?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I Would Cross the Narrow Sea to Watch Game of Thrones  Idea Description: By now everyone has basically agreed that Game of Thrones is this mythical TV wonder that has wide-ranging appeal and has become a cultural obsession. What I find most interesting about the entire phenomenon are the lengths people will go to be able to watch Game of Thrones and what a community event watching can turn into. Many of the GOT fans Ive talked to say that they prefer to watch the episodes every week with friends and family because its more fun than watching it alone. For this campaign, wed survey GOT fans about how they watch the show and what rituals they have around it. Do they watch alone or with other people? Do they have a weekly watch party? Do they prefer to wait (avoiding spoilers at all costs) and binge the entire season when its over? Have they mooched off a friends HBO Go account or found a way to illegally stream it? Have they missed other things -- appointments, family gatherings, plans with an SO -- in order to tune in?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Foreign and Domestic Cars  Idea Description: Do you buy foreign or domestic? Every car manufacturer has their own unique reputations such as being costly to repair, dependable, a good value, difficult to maintain, etc. And then at a more macro level, these reputations can also translate to foreign vs. domestic manufacturers.So how do Americans feel about foreign and domestic today and how are perceptions and reputations about these manufacturers changing among younger demographics? How has President Trumps position on domestic car manufacturing influenced opinions? How does do perceptions vary by political affiliation?Well conduct a survey of 1K people and ask if they own a foreign or domestic car. Which do they believe offers better value? Are they loyal to only owning foreign or domestic? What traits do they associate with each? Which do they believe is safer? How do they feel about domestic car manufacturing and are they more likely to purchase a vehicle manufactured in the U.S.?  <|endoftext|>"
