"Idea Title: [Home] New Home Construction and Value by Geo  Idea Description: Pitched to Handy. Not selected.---The U.S. Census provides detailed monthly data on new building permits and construction, as recent as April of 2020. This data includes the number of new units as well as the value of the new construction. Using this data, lets explore the impacts of COVID-19 on the number of new residential construction and their value by city and state.Which cities or states had the largest percentage increase or decrease since COVID? The largest change compared to the same time last year? How has the value of new properties increased or decreased?According to the data, there was a 19% decrease in new authorized private housing permits in April compared to the same time last year. In the Northeast, new authorized private housing permits decreased by 55%.*Note there is some coverage on these widely available stats. Hopefully by adding per capita values or focusing on specific cities/states will offer novel takeaways  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceived Efficacy and Perceptions of Nootropics  Idea Description: In 2018, being healthy is not enough. Many people desire to expand their cognitive functions beyond normal human capacities. Most nootropics are accessible, but as they get more popular, could this become the next class of regulated substances as their adverse effects become more studied and invoke social concern? I propose two directions for this idea. We can talk to people familiar with nootropics and gauge American opinions and perspectives on nootropics. How do people feel about the ethical implications? Do people believe they are dangerous? that they should be regulated? That they even work?OR we can survey people who actively take nootropics and ask them about their experiences on them. Which do people report are the best for achieving different effects (creativity, memory, focus, energy production). Let 's get a feel for the negative side effects most reported for nootropics and which are most frequently associated with negativitiy?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Much Time You Have Left  Idea Description: Time... We feel like weve got a lot of it left, but do we really? I saw a meme the other day with a small box for every day a 35 year old had left in their left 'Ai It didnt look like a lot. For this idea we would calculate the number of days people in different generations have left to live, on average (based on average life expectancy). Then, we would calculate a number of things, like; - How many weekends do you have left in your life? - How many vacation days do you have left in your life?- How many more cars will you drive?- How many hours do you have left to sleep in your life?- How much sex will you have before you die?We could create an easy interactive where people could put their age in and get their own values, which they could share 'Ai We could generate small social media asset for each person to screenshot and generate. This idea would touch on a number of verticals- workplace, lifestyle, travel, sex and more...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Flying While Buzzed  Idea Description: I was traveling a month ago out of FLL in the middle of the day and was astounded by how many people were tossing a few drinks back at the various airport bars before boarding their flights. I know we 've done a previous campaign on flying with substances, but for this campaign we would look specifically at drinking habits while flying. How many people do it regularly? How many drinks are they having in the airport, on the plane? Do they do it because they\re nervous about flying? Because it gets them in the vacation mood? We could even ask people about their perceptions of people drinking in the airport/on planes -- do they not care, or do they think it 's a recipe for disaster? [A recent VOX article said alcohol plays a role in 33% of unruly passenger incidents on planes and that many passengers turn to alcohol to reduce air stress (stress related to flying) https://www.vox.com/the-goods/2018/11/2/18055830/air-rage-ryanair-flying-airlines]  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Accountability Partners  Idea Description: It can be quite beneficial in a relationship for both people to encourage and motivate each other to workout, but I can also see where this could become uncomfortable or discouraging if it crosses a line. Let explore how men and women view having their partner holding them accountable or not in terms of exercising and getting in shape, and how this affects their relationship. What percent of men and women wish their significant other pushed them more? What percent have had toxic experiences with this? For people who push their partner to workout, are they viewed as more attractive (i.e. because theyre more motivating and show they care)? What percent of people secretly feel put-off when their partner wants them to workout? How does sex frequency and satisfaction compare between partners who hold each other accountable to workout vs. those who dont? Are couples more satisfied in their relationship when they workout together, or separately?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tech-ing Away Your Sleep  Idea Description: Were all guilty of staying up way too late on our phones, laptops, video game consoles, tvs -- and probably doing things that are unnecessary and definitely guilty pleasures. Let survey 1,000 people about what theyre doing before bed on their technology (i.e. going into the dark depths of youtube, swiping on dating apps, binge-watching a show, etc.) and how it affects their sleep. For each of these things, how many hours of sleep are they losing? How does it affect the quality of their sleep? If they were to make an active choice about feeling 100% well-rested or staying up 3 extra hours watching their favorite show, what would they choose? What percent of people actually fall asleep mid-cellphone use? What kind of void do these guilty pleasures fill? What situations cause people to give up these things so they have to be well-rested (important work meeting in the morning, giving a presentation, having a first date the next day, etc.)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: World Leaders: Physical v. Economic Strength  Idea Description: In todays world, the economic strength of a nation is equally or more important than its military strength. Also, the leaders of nations today dont necessarily have to lead their own troops into battle, the way George Washington did during the Revolutionary War.Today, it would be extremely shocking for Trump, Putin, or Kim Jong Un to PHYSICALLY hash out their conflicts....but what if they did? Would America still be considered among the worlds most powerful nations if it came down to presidential/dictatorial/monarchical fitness?For this humorous project, lets survey people and ask them to rank major world leaders by their physical strength just based on up to date photos. We can also compare this with country GDP or other economic factors. Is there any reverse correlation or positive correlation?If major global conflicts came down to a good old fashioned fist fight or duel to the death, how differently would our world look today?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hiding Emotions at Work During COVID  Idea Description: Pitched in Audible but hoping this may work for Superdrug if we survey US and UK---Speaking up at work about stress, anxiety, fear, and sadness are oftentimes much easier said than done. Now more than ever, it can be difficult to bring these feelings up to your colleagues, supervisor, or HR manager. For this reason, its critical that people check in with coworkers and learn to spot these symptoms.For this campaign, we will conduct a survey of 1,000 employees to determine how many feel it is necessary to hide their emotions at work and the frequency at which they do this.How many employees hide their emotions due to unstable job security as a result of COVID? From whom do you hide your emotions (subordinates, supervisors, managers, coworkers)? Which emotions do you most frequently hide? What do employees wish their employer or supervisor would ask them? How many wish an employer or supervisor would check-in with them more frequently?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Self-censored: Social Media and Work Relations  Idea Description: In the age of social media, it 's not uncommon to have one or more of your coworkers friend request you or follow you on different forms of social media. The question then becomes, how much do you censor what you post now that your coworkers or maybe even your boss follows you on social media? Do you continue posting as usual, or just hold back on posting things that might be considered inappropriate for your boss or coworkers to see ? (such as anything political, or related to sex, drugs, alcohol, etc) How many people negatively judge coworkers based on their social media posts? Have you ever done a social media purge before accepting a friend request from a boss or coworker? How many people have burner or other social media accounts (ala the finsta) so they can post what they want without fear of repercussion? How many people have got caught in a lie to their boss bc of their social media posts? How many have seen a coworker get caught?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Biggest Food/Diet/Health Challenges  Idea Description: We all know that we should eat well and stay active, but life is tough and following a good diet and exercising takes a lot of time, effort and/or money. For this campaign, well survey people about the biggest challenges and hurdles they face with their diet and exercise.Is a lack of time preventing people from cooking at home? Do late nights and early mornings prevent people from cooking breakfast and dinner? How many people skip lunch, order out, snack, etc... because they dont have time to prepare a lunch themselves? How many people eat lower-quality food to save money, cook cheaper food to save money, etc...? How many people dont have time to work out or play sports? How many struggle to exercise due to physical limitations? Potentially, we can also look to present solutions to these issues. For example surveying people about how to effectively do stuff like meal-prepping, cooking simple recipes, couponing and stocking up, etc..  <|endoftext|>"
