"Idea Title: Career Change Caution  Idea Description: Its a tough job market right now and for this campaign well explore how the current economic outlook has affected ambitions and plans among those who want to change career but arent sure if its the right idea post-COVID. Well explore exactly what youd expect reading that intro: how many people want to change career but are staying put for now, how theyre weighing various priorities, if theyre still moving forward but with a change of plans (still looking but slowing down, looking for a lower-level job in their new field, etc..) and how sentiment about their current career has changed (appreciate it more, resent it more because they feel stuck, etc...) as a result of 2020. We can also look at people who are trying to change careers because of the pandemic, and the reasons why COVID made their career so shitty.Well supplement this with some questions about how its going among respondents who are still trying to change careers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Working Lunches  Idea Description: How people handle their lunch break at work can say a lot about them and how they prefer to go about their day. Some people will take every minute of that hour to eat and decompress before heading back to their desk. Others will scarf down a salad while continuing to type away at their laptop -- or maybe even forgo eating altogether. For this campaign, lets take a close look at how people handle their work lunch breaks and how it impacts their productivity and job satisfaction. Are the people plugging away through lunchtime really more productive than people who opt to take a break? Are people who take a break more satisfied? Who makes the most money? Who gets promoted most often?We can also look at perceptions of lunch at work. Do people feel judged if they go out for lunch? If they opt to read or browse the web while eating, rather than cranking out another client email? Have people been reprimanded for taking too long for lunch?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Geek of the Family  Idea Description: In every family, theres that one young family member who is the designated geek. This person is responsible for answering all the families questions related to their technology. Whether its setting up a router, figuring out whether an email they just received is a phishing scam or not, or giving technology buying advice, this is the go-to person. (Im obviously this person in my family)For this campaign, lets survey these geeks who help their parents, aunts, uncles and every one else with their technology issues. This is a fairly common concept, so I think it would be easy to find the sample size and have the results relate to a large audience.Id be interested in seeing family geeks receive fewer calls for help when their aunts/uncles are using a Mac/iPad vs. a Windows/Android computer. Or if theyd refuse to help their family members if they refused to switch to the geeks computing platform ... something Ive admittedly done.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Best After Work Habits for Sleep and Success  Idea Description: How do you use your time after work and how does that affect big aspects of your life like sleep, happiness, creativity, and work performance? Let 's focus on evenings activities after work for sleepjudge. Whether it 's introverted or restful activities like watching TV, gaming or cooking, or extroverted and energizing activities like going out or meeting people, what are the activities people commonly do in the evening hours, and which lead to the best sleep, the best performance at work the next day, and the most life satisfaction? Using the success of the vacation time campaign which measured creativity, productivity, and work or success-related metrics alongside lengths of vacation, let 's apply this to evening habits. Is there a specific balance of activities that make us happiest? Is there a magic number of social activities we should be doing during the work week in order to feel happier? Or should we try to stay in more often?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Election Security Worries  Idea Description: In the past few elections, security and accuracy have become larger concerns for the American people, especially as we use technology more and more in the voting process.Recently, NPR/PBS Newshour did a poll asking people if they thought the country was prepared to conduct a safe election. Of course, responses even to this question were split down party lines. Lets take it a step further and see if Americans worries (or confidence) will effect their choices come election day. How many say their concerns about secure voting will prevent them from going to the polls? How many will choose to vote a different way (ie by mail, early)? If anyone had a problem in 2016, will this effect what they do in 2020? How many people arent sure they have the right docs to vote securely? What do they think the greatest security issue is when it comes to voting? And how do they think voting security issues compare to other national security issues?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Public Transportation Confessions and Pet Peeves  Idea Description: For some, the commute to work can be an extension of their morning routine and grooming practices. For some, it 's a time to enjoy breakfast, read up on news, or even get a little more sleep. But for some, particularly in major cities, they see the worse in people, and commutes may even bring out the worst in them. In this confessions of campaign, we would survey people who take public transportation, and ask about 1. Their own behaviors, and 2. What they 've seen, incuding crazy stories, and 3. Their biggest pet peeves of other people 's behavoirs on the train/bus/whatever. How many people have eaten on public transport? Shaved? drank alcohol? How many people admit to pretending to be asleep so someone wouldn 't sit by them? And who 's witnessed what? Fights? beligerently drunk people? unsafe things? Would be a goldmine for quotes. Finally, what irks people the most? What are the biggest no-no 's and unwritten rules for the commute?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Visualizations of Cost of Living Around the World  Idea Description: My friends and I always joke that we should save up and move to Colombia where we can enjoy a cushy, upper middle-class life for a quarter of the money it takes the average American to barely scrape by. Where in the world is the concept behind this humor most applicable? Well use data from Number (numbeo.com) to visualize this information and help people figure out where they should go to get the most bang for their buck--whether thats as a typical traveler, retiree, or freelancer trying to determine where would be an ideal location to work out of. Wheres the best place to go if you want to eat like a king? How about if you want to pay minimal rent? If cheap health costs are your primary concern?I can see this as an interactive calculator where people enter how much they they spend on a few keys things, select a country, and look at what their new costs in American dollars would be to continue spending money on those things.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Staying in Bed & Life Success  Idea Description: Honestly, I probably lay in bed for 10-20 minutes after Im awake each morning. On the weekends, it might be even more. It may seem lazy, but does this habit have any impact on the rest of my day? For others that do this, does it say anything about our personalities and success? Or is it just because our beds are extremely comfy??Lets survey 1000 people and ask how long they stay in the bed after waking. How many immediately get up? How many avoid the day by staying put? Which group tends to get more restful sleep? And what kind of bed does each group have?We can also compare trends between people of different job levels, income levels, life satisfaction, and relationship satisfaction. Are those who stay in bed longer happiest with their relationships, but worst in their jobs?Lets find out how laying in bed after waking impacts sleep quality, success, and how bed type contributes to how long we like to stay under the covers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Mistakes by Generation  Idea Description: Similar to the previous successful campaign Financial Advice by Generation, let 's poll 1,000 people, perhaps focusing on millennials and gen zers, around common financial mistakes and the consequences that followed. What percentage of millennials are guily of excessive/frivolous spending? How many have lived on borrowed money? Is it common to overpay for your first house or first adult car? Which industry is known for living paycheck to paycheck? How do they mistakes affect one 's job success, stress levels, happiness, and personal relationships? Which mistakes hit us harder? Let 's breakdown results by gender, industry, and educational attainment for compelling takeaways. We 'll throw in questions around student loan debt to tie back to client and anazlye how the mistakes frequently made by debt incurred. Additionally, we can launch a supplemental survey seeking common advice for recovering from financial mistakes made as a youngin.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Are You Hiding?  Idea Description: Just imagine having access to everyone 's data around the world. It 's a scary thought. However, I do believe that we all are hiding something from the rest of the world. It could be as simple as a nude picture, login information to everything app/website, our internet history, amount of debt we have, a criminal past, a mistress or even a plot to do something truly destructive. For this campaign let 's survey 1000 people to and ask them if they have any sensitive information on any of their devices. If so what is it? Are men more likely to have nude pictures? How many people do believe that what they have done in the past (sending certain text messages, posts on Facebook or Instagram) can and will haunt them in the future? Do they fear that a company won 't hire them, or that their SO will somehow discover the dirt youve been hiding.How many people simply don 't care if their personal information gets hacked? Let 's find out!  <|endoftext|>"
