"Idea Title: Success and Sleep Consistency  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would use a survey to compare people who do and dont have a consistent sleep schedule to explore how it correlates to happiness and success. Among the many things that we could explore are: life satisfaction, mental health, physical health, sleep quality, and relationship/social/recreation satisfaction. Whether its the sleep consistency itself thats causing the benefit (Im sure it helps) or the fact that consistency is an indicator that someone has their life in order, we should be able to find some clear and compelling correlations between sleep related discipline and happiness/success.I dont remember where I saw the stats, but a peer-reviewed study found a huge correlation between success and a consistent wake up time. In a campaign that I did, I also found correlations between sleep consistency and success, but there wasnt much data there to dive into it so it wasnt a prominent aspect of the campaign.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Alternative Living  Idea Description: We have been conditioned to work all week, to pay for the house that we leave vacant all day and the car that waits for us outside of our workplace. We can look into alternative living choices-- this is a huge trending topic right now with mobile tiny homes, RVs, van life, and bus renovations (literally, just google van life or tiny home and SO MUCH pops up). It 's a realistic option for anyone tight on cash and especially popular among younger generations, but I feel like it 's also a great retirement option for people. Let 's survey people who have chosen a life of minimalism to focus on what is truly important for a happy and balanced life. We can ask about the pros vs cons, unexpected costs, must-have items, tech worth investing in, the most extravagant (and coolest) thing they invested in, any regrets, etc. We can find out what they do for work and see if this living choice impacted their work/life balance for better or worse.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Rethinking Emergency Funds  Idea Description: The current state of the world has a lot of people reexamining their savings habits and what they currently have socked away (if anything). For this campaign, lets explore changing attitudes around saving and having an account dedicated to emergencies. Do people feel that they need six months of expenses saved up, whereas before they thought three was fine? How feasible do they think it is to save up the amount needed for six months of living expenses? Ive seen a lot of chatter about whether its actual possible for the average person to save six months worth of expenses. Given the various financial obligations people have, it could take years to save up the kind of emergency funds experts are recommending.This project would attempt to capture evolving attitudes about emergency saving, what peoples goals are for emergency savings going forward, and how long they think itll take them to get to the number they have in mind.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Passive Aggressive Coworkers  Idea Description: In the modern professional workplace, there is a ton of covert communications on Slack, email, texts, etc., and honestly, not a ton of space to express emotions like anger, frustration, jealousy...This is the perfect breeding ground for passive aggression between colleagues. What types of workers are experiencing this the most? How many workers say their colleagues leave passive aggressive notes in the office? How many receive emails that contain a lot of hidden rage? How many people see their colleagues going over the heads of management to get what they want? Lets see which industries, genders, generations witness the most passive aggression in the workplace and whether or not their companies are facilitating avenues to make communication and conflict more direct. Can use this list as a starting point - https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/passive-aggressive-diaries/201601/15-red-flags-passive-aggressive-behavior-work  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financing a Move  Idea Description: I know weve done projects on moving before, but from what Im seeing, weve never approached it exclusively from a financial perspective. For this campaign, lets ask people how they paid for their most recent move. Did they save up to be able to move? If so, for how long, and how much total did they end up socking away? How do those numbers change based on whether the move was planned vs. unplanned? How many people end up having to put moving expenses on credit cards because they dont have the cash on hand? Do they borrow money from parents or friends? Or do they have to put off their move because they dont have the funds?As an additional aspect that could appeal to career/HR writers would be asking people who have moved for work about how it was financed. How many people are able to get a moving stipend? Is that a dying perk? How much do people typically end up getting? Do stipends really save people that much money?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Eating Before Bed + Productivity  Idea Description: I know wed have to be careful about mentioning specific foods, but let look at how overreating, snacking close to bed, eating during sleep, and certain foods affect your ability to sleep and certain sleep behaviors. And then, how does it affect their next day (hello career angle!), based on how they slept?How much longer/shorter does it take to fall asleep when you eat super greasy/oily food? How about dessert? How about global cuisines (chinese food, italian, american, etc.) How does overreating or undereating affect your experience while sleeping (getting up, having trouble staying asleep)? How much later do people sleep in depending on what they ate? How is their next day affected in terms of grogginess and productivity, based on what they ate closest to get? Do they have trouble focusing? Feel less motivated?To get these results, we can ask people about their most recent meal they ate before bed, and how their day went.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Spending in Preparation for a Second Wave  Idea Description: As COVID-19 cases started ramping up, the world went crazy, with people panic-buying everything from toilet paper to rice. Now that things are reopening and people are feeling more relaxed about the pandemic, some of these hard-to-find items are becoming pretty easy to acquire again. However, with a potential second (and worse) wave on the horizon, how are people planning to prep for it, if at all? Are people quietly stocking on supplies by buying extra toilet paper, paper towels, entertainment items (games, puzzles), hand sanitizer now that theyre back in stock? How many people are taking the threat of a second wave seriously and adjusting their spending accordingly? Given that the second wave will be in fall/winter, are there seasonal items theyre getting -- added coats, scarves, gloves, etc. to make going outside more bearable in the winter? Conversely, are people saving extra money specifically to prepare for a second wave?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Home Improvement Spending  Idea Description: According to data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis, consumer spending on accommodations, laundry, food, and clothing were hit the hardest during the pandemic. And maybe unsurprisingly, food and beverage were up by nearly 10%. But perhaps one spending category we may not have noticed is gardening and building which had the highest percentage increase during the pandemic. This supports the many conversations we 've had during ideation about our own growing interest in DIY, home decorating and improvement projects. There are also articles on BI and similar discussing the surge in Home Depot and Lowe 's in-store and online sales. So, let 's tailor this story to specifically explore what projects people have been undertaking, how much they 've spent by category, as well as how much these improvements make them more likely to stay indoors with COVID-19 still continuing on. What are some regretful DIY projects (in results and cost)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perspective on the Future of Transportation, Urban vs Rural  Idea Description: There are all sorts of cool technologies in development (self driving cars, electric vehicles, etc..) and other transportation innovations and initiatives (ride sharing, better public transportation, those electric scooter things) but are those viable options for most of the country? While solutions like that certainly make sense in the big city, are they visible options for people who dont live in major metropolitan areas?For this campaign, well compare the perspective of city and rural people, asking them questions about the future of transportation. Their hopes and fears for whats to come, the challenges that each group anticipates, the varying needs of each group, and their perspectives on the other group.Not that its nearly this simple, but a lot of political/cultural beliefs come down to the different needs of each group. Well be exploring that interesting and important dynamic through the lens of transportation.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Homebuying Dealbreakers  Idea Description: People definitely have certain dealbreakers about locations and types of properties when looking to buy a home, especially when they indicate something about the safety of the property. Theyd want to ensure there are measures that would keep their kids safe, pets safe, etc. What percent of men and women will only live in a gated community? What percent of people with dogs/cats will only live in a fenced-in home? What percent of people refuse to live in a condo/apartment that you can walk right into from outside? How much extra fees are people willing to pay to have these types of things? How do these types of things vary between parents and non-parents, generation, salary brackets, and gender? How long do people spend researching crime/safety data of an area before they move in? Wed add a positive spin by exploring what people care enough about to protect, and how far theyre willing to go in terms of time and money to do that.  <|endoftext|>"
