"Idea Title: Research before visiting a Doctor?  Idea Description: In the age of the internet, there are tons of feedback, rating, and resources available to anyone that needs to visit a hospital to get a surgery. However, despite all of these being available, do people actually use them? For this campaign, we could run a survey to see how people feel about researching a hospital or health care facility before visiting? Who reads reviews online, or seeks out an online rating sites? Who asks their primary care physician or family members for advice? And who simply picks the first name that pops up when searching? Which tools are people using to learn more about a hospital or doctor? Has the pandemic let people do more research in order to feel safe about going to a hospital? Are there differences in gender and generation? Are baby boomers more likely to trust their primary care physician, and ask them for advice, and are Millennials more likely to research a doctor or hospital before going in?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Going Paperless- College Edition  Idea Description: How many college students use paper and pen (or pencil) rather than taking notes on a laptop or tablet? Why did they choose their current method? Did their teacher allow electronic note taking? How does this differ by how long ago people went to college? Lets run a survey asking people who went to college from 1995 (when windows 95 came about and laptop tech got better in general) to present day college students; and ask about laptop/computer use for note taking, how they believe it affected their grades, and compare past college students to current ones to see what they believe the advantages and disadvantages are of using digital methods for note-taking and studying rather than physical ones. Do older alumni believe physical note taking and textbook reading helped them retain the information better? Do current college students prefer digital methods due to their portability and and environmental friendliness (going paper-free)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Easiest/Most Difficult Countries to Start a Business  Idea Description: Idea Focus: Master of Business Administration (Finance) Victoria University---The World Bank has a special data page dedicated to tracking and analyzing various business development indicators across countries. The data contains records from 2004 to 2020.In this campaign, well use data specifically related to the topic of starting a business to determine the countries in which this goal is most obtainable. Variables in this data include the number of days to start a business (overall and by gender), the cost of starting a business as a % of income per capita (overall and by gender), the number of start-up procedures required to start a business (overall and by gender) a meta-score of the ease of starting a business per country, and the number of new business started by country over time.According to summary reports from the World Bank, New Zealand ranks as the #1 country for ease of starting a new business.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Psychology Behind Gaming  Idea Description: Gaming - There have been studies run in the past by experts to increase the number of users, amount of time a user would play, and more by introducing rewards at various aspects of the game. I mean, if we keep failing at a game and not gaining any rewards, one is likely to stop playing the game. So psychologists and game makers got together to figure out just when and where games can include these triggers to entice users. Most of this relies on the endorphins and dopamine gained through the experience of the game, via those rewards. We did a campaign looking at this years ago for another client, that you can view here; https://www.psychguides.com/interact/the-psychology-of-freemium/ 'Ai For this conversion idea, we would explore this topic, look for new information on how game makers in 2019 entice more interaction and play time in their games. We could get expects to weigh in on the topic also and touch on hot games in 2019.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Working the Night Shift  Idea Description: Are people looking to work night shifts more or less these days? Using a survey, lets explore what those working night shifts go through during the pandemic. Are they going through more obstacles than those working regular hours? Lets compare job satisfaction and mental health between employees with regular and irregular hours and see any interesting differences. How secure do employees working night shifts feel? Are they feeling disconnected from everything that is going on lately (COVID-19, protests, etc)? How satisfied are they with their jobs and different life aspects (life satisfaction, health, stress)? How engaged do they feel with their employers? How happy are they overall? Do they do it out of necessity or because they like it? Do they think they have fewer chances of infection working night shifts? The idea would be to show an employees perspective that I think we havent touched much on past campaigns.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sports Sources  Idea Description: For this campaign, well survey sports fans about the sports-related content they consume and where they get it from. What types of sports content are people watching, where are they watching it, and why?How many people have switched from cable platforms like ESPN to other paid platforms, sports websites, YouTube, and other modern alternatives? How many people consume audio sport-related content, and how does that compare to video content?What are the top reasons why people choose the outlets/pundits/formats they choose? What percentage of people choose sport-specific shows over general networks like ESPN? What percentage of people who no longer watch ESPN stopped watching due non-sports topics being covered and political opinions being shared frequently?Which platforms/formats/etc are the most satisfactory? Which are people watching more frequently, for longer amounts of time, and to a greater degree of completeness?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep talking  Idea Description: Talking during sleep without being aware of can have its consequences. When people find out from a partner that theyve been sleep-talking, they usually get nervous that they revealed some deep, dark secret. Its unnerving to find out that you shouted something while you were sleeping, especially when you have no recall of doing so. Sleep-talkers are not mindful of their behaviors or what they are saying. They sound different from their wakeful speech. It sometimes involves difficult dialogues or monologues, complete gibberish, or mumbling. Sleep talking may be spontaneous or induced by a conversation with the sleeper.Lets find out about sleep talking experiences from married couples of different ages. Have you ever waken your spouse with your loud sleep talking? Have you ever waken yourself up because of your loud talking? Is your sleep-talking a problem? Have you ever gotten in trouble because of something you said?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Music Dreams  Idea Description: There has been a connection between music and dreams reported in many cultures. For this project, lets survey 1,000 people to explore the prevalence of this link in the United States. Do you ever hear music in your dreams? Is it the same genre that you listen to in waking? What percentage of people have dreamt about attending a concert? Were they seeing their favorite bands/artists, or was it a performer theyve never heard? What types of genres are most likely to hear in dreams? What percentages of fans have dreamt about meeting their musical idols? Lets breakdown results by gender, generation, and music preferences to draw interesting comparisons.Whats more, well elevate this campaign by creating dream collages like weve done in the past. Well visualize what the average rap/country/edm/rock fans music dreams look like. Promotions will be loaded with ammo between genre and artist rankings and a strong visual element.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Health Tales of Two Cities  Idea Description: Just glancing at the map on the American Fitness Index -- https://www.americanfitnessindex.org/ -- there are a number of instances where cities very close to one another have hugely different scores for both personal and community health. By combining the data here with basic census data on race, income, and employment, we can figure out which the best explainers are here (I assumed it was just a straight poverty question, but something like DC to Baltimore doesnt follow this trend cleanly). By combining the two datasets, we could see if these higher levels of fitness really are accounted for by things mentioned in the American Fitness Index (for example, more public greenspace or free/open access to basketball, tennis, walking paths, etc). The story is almost always that poverty leads to terrible fitness outcomes, but I think here wed find that this is mostly alleviated in cities that invest in the things mentioned above  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Stressful Video Games  Idea Description: The release (and removal) of the mobile-game Flappy Bird found the perfect balance between stress and reward, and it broke the internet. In this project, lets tap MTurks and Prolifics participant pool to survey of 1,000 hardcore gamers about the most stressful games theyve ever played. To do this , well compile an exhaustive list of notoriously difficult titles, run a prelim. survey, and narrow the list down based on initial sample size. Next, well have gamers rank the most stressful games of our time. Which titles and consoles (PC included) create the most stressful gaming experiences? Additionally, we can ask respondents which genres they usually play to determine the most stressful genres. How do respondents handle their game-related stress (aka how do gamers rage)? Do stress levels by gaming set-up (can ask about chairs, beanbags, monitors, etc.)? Is it more stressful interacting with others in-game or on discord/skype?  <|endoftext|>"
