"Idea Title: Quantifying Cost of an Hour of Entertainment  Idea Description: Using survey data, lets determine the cost of an hour of entertainment. We can determine overall which people spend the most for an hour of entertainment and how cost per hour changes across different forms of entertainment. Conscious spenders and money managers may measure the value of groceries in price per ounce, pounds, or grams. So why not measure entertainment in cost per hour? Well create some added relevancy by determining the cheapest and most expensive forms of entertainment since COVID-19.We can calculate entertainment cost per hour through a simple survey asking total hours spent enjoying each form of entertainment and total cost of entertainment.What is the cost per hour of a book, movie, board game, video game, concert, or even cable television or Netflix subscription? How much more frequently are people participating in forms of entertainment that are free such as libraries, birdwatching, exercise, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Texting and Driving  Idea Description: How many people admit to using their phones while driving? For this campaign, lets look at who and how many people admit to doing this. Who is more likely to do this, and who is more likely to avoid this at all costs? How many people turn on the Do Not Disturb While Driving option on their phones? How many use hands-free devices? Are people who use their phones while driving more likely to do other risky activities like driving under the influence?Furthermore, how many people have received a ticket for texting and driving? How many times? What was the amount? How many people have had an experience that made them think before ever using their phones while driving again? What do they do to force themselves not to use the phone while behind the wheel? Turn their phones off or on silent mode? Put phones in an out-of-reach spot? Set everything before putting the car in drive? Do they choose a designated driver? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Technically Graduated  Idea Description: VICE recently reported that GEN Z is doing something millennials did not - skipping the whole 4-year degree, a bunch of student loan deal - and instead going to trade school. (https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/pa9myg/the-hot-new-gen-z-trend-is-skipping-college-v25n3). From personal experience, my brother went to a 14-month technical school and makes $68K/year while Im still treading far behind. Hes 27, Im 26. So were not far in age. Other than zero debt, what sort of future do they have to look forward to? Lets survey folks who graduated from a 4-year, completed masters, PhD, etc... and those who went to technical and trade schools. What are their salaries? Are they working more or less? Lets get a demographic breakdown - married? kids? race? Anyone go to technical school and end up with a job in project management or like a data analyst position? How do the jobs differ? Are they more heady/intellectual/physical?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Sleep & Travel  Idea Description: Inspired by Leesas Jet Lag campaign to work in an idea about sleep/travel (https://www.leesa.com/pages/how-jet-lag-affects-sleep) Re-explore the most effective methods for fighting jet lag and biggest responsibilities/events missed due to coming back from a time change.Explore how mood/health is affected too. Could explore how productivity is affected-- How many hours do professionals lose per day due to exhaustion from jet lags? Do people take work home more often when jet lagged to adjust to when theyre most awake? Do any just completely take the day off to get back on track even though theyre back homeAdd in something about the financial lengths people are willing to go to avoid jet lag. Upgrade to first class? Buy a more expensive flight at a more convenient time? Join travel perks like the Admirals Club for more comfortable time between destinations? What are the average costs of these kinds of expenses?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Fictional Relationships: Toxic or Healthy?  Idea Description: There are people who glorify the relationship between say, Christian and Ana from 50 shades and those of us who say what the actual fuck, no that 's not romantic that 's creepy So which fictional relationships (from page to screen and everything in between) do people think qualifies as toxic or healthy? Which of these couples is relationship goals for men vs women? How many men say they want a relationship like the Joker and Harley Quinn? How does this all differ between then US and the UK? We can also just ask people to sort traits into 3 categories, or toxic, healthy/normal, or neither/not sure. and see who 's the most likely to sort each trait into what category. Some people think their partner easily getting jealous is cute and endearing, while others see it as a red flag. How many people would still get into a relationship with Joe from the series You even though he 's super crazy?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The State of Public Transportation Over Time  Idea Description: Using data from the National Bureau of Transportation, we can visualize the state of public transportation over time, including prices, age of vehicles, fuel prices and average age of cars on the roads, (https://www.bts.gov/product/national-transportation-statistics)Im trying to create a commuter angle, but unfortunately I wasnt able to find taxi and uber prices by state. It does exist for some cities, so we could include that for some big cities for one asset. Originally, I was looking for uber/lyft/taxi prices, but only found for a couple of cities. If one of the reviewers has a great idea for an additional data source we could look at to make this a little less dry, this would be highly appreciated. :)I found this for public transit, but because thats city level data its a bit hard to find great sources that include a lot of cities. Maybe we just need a couple? http://us-city.census.okfn.org/dataset/transit  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Analyzing the Addictive Personality  Idea Description: In a recent Bustle article, health writer Carina Wolff writes about traits of someone with an addictive personality: https://www.bustle.com/p/7-things-you-didnt-know-are-signs-of-addictive-personality-9336758 Have you ever heard someone say I have an addictive personality? It doesn 't always necessarily mean they are an addict but it is an interesting self-diagnosis. What 's interesting about addictive personalities is that it is highly debated. Using this article, let 's get the perspective of those with addictive personalities: how did they find out? Are they afraid of getting addicted? Have they ever been addicted and if so, to what? Do they avoid certain substances preventatively? Using a survey, let 's find out how many people believe they have an addictive personality. We 'll look at ways people have sought help, how open they are about their personality and if they 've ever been diagnosed with an addiction.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: COVID Hacking  Idea Description: Since a large portion of Americans are now working remotely, we\re relying on communication platforms to communicate with businesses, clients, team members, family members, friends, and more. What are the risks of relying on these platforms? Already, we\re seeing Zoom calls getting hacked and disrupting classes, meetings, birthday 's, phone calls, and more. How many people have experienced this? When we talked about it in a team channel, many people chimed in saying they personally knew someone that was affected by these prankers. Let 's survey 1,000 people who use these platforms (whether for work, personal use, etc), how safe/trustworthy the platforms are, and whether they 've personally experienced (or know someone) affected by a these hackers. If we want to make this more career-oriented, we can ask what precautions companies are taking (like not publicly sharing links, cybersecurity investments, etc).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Battle for the Remote Control  Idea Description: The tv viewing schedule is a very fought over thing when you live with roommates or family members and everyone wants to watch their show in the living room. How has this affected those relationships, and has this helped contribute to one person or another moving out? How do you decide what shows to watch with your roommates, and have there been arguments over the shows? Fights about finishing the show without someone else, or changing the channel mid-show, etc.If thats boring, we can run a survey on the shared experience of tv shows, and if people hold binge sessions or watch parties at their homes to show that its a communal event nowadays, and if they feel left out if they havent watched the same shows everyone else has.Do you like to watch by yourself or with others? Do you do other things while watching (social media, work, etc) or does the show have your undivided attention? A sort of TV FOMO, if you will  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Do You Deal with Work Stress?  Idea Description: When times are tough at work, do you typically talk to your coworkers, your manager or your HR manager about it? Work stress is inevitable, but talking about your stress isnt always good for company morale, yet bottling it up may also have harmful consequences. Depending on your position or the size of your team, it may also feel scary or vulnerable to let your team know you feel in over your head, especially if you are a manager. Lets use a survey of managers and employees about the ways we talk about our work stress at the office. Do we talk about stress to find constructive solutions, or to vent? Do we feel closer to our coworkers when we can talk about work-related stress? Who is most afraid to talk about it, to whom, and why? Finally, what are some positive benefits about being honest with your work and stress: Do you find your employees rally to help you out? Do they offer support, or help pitch in with work?  <|endoftext|>"
