"Idea Title: Sleep After a Tough Workout (and Injuries)  Idea Description: Working out can lead to better sleep, but if you take working out to another level, say athletic performance or simply lofty gain goals, how does sleep change? How do you sleep when you have painful, restless legs after a night of running? Do you sweat more in your sleep if you work out at night vs the day? Is there a certain point in exercising where it actually starts to make sleeping more challenging? When I trained for my half marathon, I got to a certain point in training when I would get charlie horses in my sleep, or would have to sleep with my feet propped up to help me drain the lactic acid building up. Lets survey people who are training for something or have specific fitness-related goals and see at what point their workouts started to interfere with sleep, if at all, what they do to help themselves sleep through a night, (tools, gadgets, supplements?) and what kinds of athletic ailments lead to worst sleep.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are we Losing our Neighborhood Stores?  Idea Description: In the past, we had a wide variety of small businesses in neighborhoods. These days, more and more family-owned small businesses are closing.There were nearly 2 million small businesses in the United States in 2012, according to the US Small Business Administration.Journalists can investigate changes in the types of businesses in an area throughout the years and the possible reasons behind those changes.For example, an area may have used to have all local businesses, such as a grocery store and a hardware store, but each business may have been bought by a large chain, such as a Whole Foods and a Home Depot.The journalist can investigate and get comments from local business owners who have owned their store for many years. This could be done using data from the Small Business Administration SBO List of Small Businesses by Sector, which includes information on the number of small businesses in the area.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Where Did Your College Fail You?  Idea Description: Higher education is supposed to be one of the best times in a person 's life. Even those who loved their school have areas they believe their college could improve upon. Let 's survey 1,000 students/graduates to gauge their opinion on this? Did they find their courses valuable? Were there too many extraneous requirements for their major, or not enough pertinent core classes? What about the school 's culture? Was there enough access to mental health resources? Did the school provide enough support to struggling students, whether it be financially, academically, or health related? Was the school provided housing worth it or just a complete disaster? If graduates could go back, what would they change? Could possibly expand this to transfer students. Did they ultimately end up transferring because the school they initially chose didn 't deliver what they promised in terms of courses available, student resources, etc?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: United States of Delivery  Idea Description: Apps like Doordash, Uber Eats, Postmates, and Grubhub mirror the American lifestyle: fast and on the go. Lets survey 1,000 people to track spending habits on food delivery services. - How many times do people order takeout a month? -What apps do they use when placing these orders? - Does the ease of apps influence their personal habits (decline in home-cooked meals?)- Whats the average delivery fee they encounter?- Whats the highest delivery fee amount theyd be willing to spend for their favorite restaurant? $5? $10?- After delivery fees, tips, service fees, etc. whats the cost of the average meal they place? $15? $20?- Which restaurants do you order from most often, local chains (ex: Duffys), national chains (ex: McDonalds), or local restaurants (ex: Bears Shack) - What category of food do you typically order (Italian, Mexican, American, fast food, Indian, a combination of the above, etc.)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What My Kids Think I Do For Work  Idea Description: Growing up, I basically never understood what my dad did for work except that it was with computers (he was basically an account manager at tech companies that kept getting bought up until he was eventually at a very large firm). Since we cant actually survey children, lets survey adults about what their kids know about their jobs -- have they ever talked about it? Gone along to work? Could their kid describe their job? Do they think their kids admire what they do or are they embarrassed by it. The idea would be to write a survey that blends funny (writeins about how people with weird or complicated jobs describe them) to poingiant (things about whether kids act proud of their parents or whether parents are ashamed to tell their kids). How many kids know how much money their parents make? We could segment by whether kids know more about male or female parents, which industry is the easiest or hardest to explain, etc  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Changing Consumer Credit  Idea Description: Using https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/g19/current/default.htm The Federal Reserves Consumer Credit report, which is released on the 5th day of the month, lets explore changes of consumer spending over the last few years, with a focus on habits in 2020. For this campaign you can look at interest rates and total revolving and non revolving credit. Then you can pair this national data with a survey of 1,000 people asking them if they opened up a new credit card in 2020, had to increase their credit limit, got denied for a credit card in 2020, how much they were approved for and why they needed to get one. How does it vary among younger vs. older generations? How many people saw 2020 as a year to pay things off versus how many people saw 2020 as a year of going into more debt? you could also supplement it with the SHED July 2020 supplemental survey https://www.federalreserve.gov/consumerscommunities/shed_data.htm  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: *repitch* Millennials and Financial Literacy  Idea Description: (I ideated this in October for Discover and it got picked to be pitched, but if they didnt pick it up, we could use it for this client!) Especially for young adults, many of us dont entirely understand the processes of how finances work and what specific financial vocabulary terms mean. On top of that, we dont have enough life experience to be able to map out how well conduct our finances as we get older. So much of this is a result of not learning these things in school and not prioritizing these skills overall. Let conduct a fun survey on how much millennials/young adults actually know about finances. What are their misconceptions? How confident do they feel about specific aspects of managing their finances, such as earning credit, how to save money, how to save up or retirement, what a 401k is, etc. For the older generations, how did they learn about money? (experience, school, from their familiy, etc.)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bed wetting  Idea Description: While\xa0bed wetting\xa0can be one of many symptoms of an underlying disease, many children who wet the bed dont necessarily have a condition that explains their\xa0bed wetting. This doesnt mean that the child who\xa0wets his bed can control it or is doing it on purpose. He or she might be going through some developmental issue, and it reflects in that way. For this campaign, lets survey parents who have been through these situations with their children, at some point in their lives. We would be able to see the average ages of kids who went through something similar, the many reasons this happened to them, and how parents managed it. Why did bed wetting happen to your child? Frequency, your child, wet the bed? How your children felt about wetting the bed? At what age did your child wet the bed? How long did he/she wet the bed? Did your child try to hide the fact the he/she soaked his/her bed? How did you help?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sentiment on Workplace Surveillance  Idea Description: With many people transitioning to remote work for at least part of 2020, employers have ben confronted with trying to figure out how to track employee productivity without being able to see them. This is especially timely as Microsoft face backlash over a new productivity feature in 365 that would let managers track extremely specific measures of employee productivity that many felt were too invasive (https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2020/nov/26/microsoft-productivity-score-feature-criticised-workplace-surveillance).For this project, lets compare employee and manager sentiment on workplace surveillance. Is it ok for companies to install software to track how active people are throughout the workday? Should employers have access to employee email and other accounts? Whats too much vs. acceptable? How does this differ across both groups? What level of privacy/autonomy should people be able to expect at work?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employer-Sponsored Education  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore the prevalence and impact of employer-sponsored education/training/enrichment. What percentage of employers offer these types of things, or incentivise their employees to seek additional training. Does doing so pay off for companies, and in what ways? Well look at things like:Most common programs offered, and most common programs employees actually take/complete/appreciate.Which programs are most effective? What percentage of employees who have taken X type of program (e-book, workshop, seminar, non-credit college class, etc..) are benefiting from it today?What types of employers and employees are benefiting from these programs? Are employees who do these things more successful/productive/satisfied/loyal? Are employers who offer paid training better employers? Are their employees more engaged, productive, committed, etc... to an employer that offers them things like this?  <|endoftext|>"
