"Idea Title: International Business Reform  Idea Description: Idea Focus:Graduate Certificate Workforce Transformation RMIT University---The World Bank has a special data page dedicated to tracking and analyzing various business development indicators across countries. The data contains records from 2008 to 2019.This idea focuses on using information specifically from their section on international business reforms. This data includes historical economic reforms countries have made that have both improved and harmed peoples ability to start and do business.International reforms are further categorized by topic such as reforms that affect ones ability to start a business, hire employees, obtain construction permits, receive credit, pay taxes, and more.Data can be segmented and compared across high and low-income economies.The source also provides summarized meta-rankings to see overall which countries perform best in each topic area in 2019 and 2020.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Small Business Second Stimulus  Idea Description: Despite the Paycheck Protection Program standing out as an early success of the governments pandemic relief efforts, many independent contractors, self-employed and minority-owned businesses feel they were largely shut out of earlier rounds of funding. The SBA runs the newly proposed PPP and work with small businesses with as many as 500 workers.In this project, lets survey a diverse group of entrepreneurs and measure their sentiment on the topic. What percentage feel as if they were shut out from early rounds of funding? What do entrepreneurs want to see from the second round of stimulus? What percentage are disappointed with how our split government is handling the situation? How many anticipate layoffs if they dont receive support? How many fear theyll have to close doors for good without government assistance? How much money should be allocated to very small and minority-owned businesses? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Seriously Do You Take Warnings?  Idea Description: Living in Florida, its hard not to take hurricane hype and media coverage with a grain of salt. That said, you have to take it seriously because theyre legitimately dangerous. So for this campaign, well explore people perceptions and habits regarding severe weather events.How accurate do people believe NOAA predictions are? How accurately does the media portray the actual dangers (ex: are they exaggerating) of storms? How many people? How seriously do people take warnings, and at what level (strength of storm, clarity/specificity of prediction) do people take action? How many people have ignored and suffered the consequences, and how many people have stopped taking it seriously? Is relenting and finally putting up the damn shutters the best way to make sure the hurricane turns and misses you? Which weather events are people taking most/least seriously? How do perceptions/habits compare between men and women?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Political Playlists  Idea Description: With it being already June, we are halfway through the year, which means we are getting closer to campaign season. It seems as if a plethora of songs nowadays have political undertones, some more explicit than others. It would be interesting and controversial to check out the top songs, artists and genres known for their political undertones, call outs and beyond. Eminem and Kanye West are no stranger to being in the limelight when it comes to this subject. In recent news, Taylor Swift also admitted that her new album dropping will definitely have political undertones. We could do a mixture of lyric analysis and a Spotify scrape to figure out the top genres, artists and songs that would fall under this category. In regards to the lyrics, we could scope out the differences between political endorsements and blasts and break it down by genre, gender of artists, political party they are endorsing/blasting and age.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Spotting Scammy Job Listings  Idea Description: 1-click apply, super vague job descriptions, titles that say no experience required... job seekers have a lot to be wary about when approaching modern-day job seeker platforms. Even on LinkedIn there are some jobs out there that look too good to be true, and some that look like they require an entire team 's worth of skill sets in one single position. Using a survey of job seekers, let 's analyze experiences in scammy jobs and how employees were able to differentiate between legitimate and possibly exploitative. What are some red flags? We can also source a list of these red flags from an authoritative source and see if employees would still apply to these jobs... are we putting ourselves at risk? On the flip-side, what are some things legit employers can do to make themselves seem more legitimate? Is a cover-letter requirement a tried and true way to ensure people you are serious as an employer and employee?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mom-Guilt and Self-Care  Idea Description: Something Ive heard a lot recently is that moms especially can feel a lot of guilt about taking time for themselves away from the kids for self care or even just for fun. To make matters worse, a lot of people have a ton of judgment for the moms who hire a nanny or babysitter for R&R time, especially if that mom is a stay-at-home mom. Wed never shame a working mom for taking a day off, so why do people shame stay at home moms for taking a break from their work? How does the lack of self care time really impact moms?Lets survey moms to see how much time they get to themselves each week and what kinds of things they let slide (ie fitness, washing their hair, professional development, etc) for their kids. How many moms feel shame about the idea of hiring a sitter so they can take time off? We could also survey people who dont have kids and see what their thoughts are about moms taking time for self-care.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Early to Arrive Before Flight  Idea Description: ADDED TO UPGRADED POINTS 1/23 PER RYANs REQUEST BELOW----Based on a quick search, its clear the general population is very divided on the proposed rule of arriving 3 hours before a flight. On the first page of search youll find headlines that both advocate and dismiss this rule.Tangential to getting a good nights sleep, lets explore perceptions of the perfect time to get to the airport and what types of travelers arrive early (sacrificing a few hours of rest) and which types like to cut it close (to sleep in a little extra). We can also examine the trade-off between booking early morning flights to save on cost vs. more convenient flight times.How does flight arrival time vary by generation, air travel frequency/experience, distance from airport, etc. What are the top pros and cons of arriving early vs. cutting it closer? Which group has missed more flights or experiences more airtravel stress.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Coming on Too Strong  Idea Description: We have a basic, generic idea of the kinds of credentials an employer would want -- good work history, solid degree, good recommendations, and a strong work portfolio. However, are there cases where a potential employee oversells her/himself and ends up either a) sounding untruthful, b) intimidating an interviewer, c) sounding like a total tryhard or d) all of the above? Lets survey anyone who conducts interviews and see how often these behaviors happen and how often theyre judged negatively.What are the most common skills people have but way oversell (super common in software but applicable everywhere). What do people put on their resumes that they can do but then turn out to only have basic skills in, well under what the hiring manager expected? Where do hiring managers/ employers see this the most (whats the most common skillset or skill they hear being oversold in an interview and tend to not trust)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Generosity and Life Satisfaction  Idea Description: Are generous people living better lives?In this survey campaign, well explore whether or not being generous has a positive impact on ones life. Well explore how it correlates to topics like prosperity, quality of friendships, career, family life, life outlook, mental health, feelings of self-worth and actualization, and other measures of a life well lived. We can explore financial generosity, as well as other generosity with things like time/effort and how willing people are to help others out.Time and Forbes each covered lab studies a few years ago, but ours will be unique because they just scanned brains or whatever like a bunch of scientists and well ask interesting questions.https://time.com/4857777/generosity-happiness-brain/https://www.forbes.com/sites/daviddisalvo/2018/09/10/generosity-isnt-just-about-doing-good-its-also-good-for-our-mental-health-suggests-new-study/#63f8afbe5286  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Feeling at home when youre not at home  Idea Description: People exhibit horrible manners and break social contracts when theyre outside of their house by acting like theyre inside their house. From the family friend who comes over and opens the fridge without asking, grabs something from the pantry, or takes their shoes off when they enter their house. But for some people, its disarming, and appreciated. Likewise, people do things like put their shoes (and bare feet) on the office couch, eat odorous meals at their desks (Im guilty of doing this with Nana Noodles), and generally treating the office like an extention of homeThis campaign would look at how people behave when theyre not at home: whether theyre in someone elses home, work, our out and about. How egregious are these things, and how many people actually appreciate them? This would expand to be about manners, feeling comfortable, and how long it takes to gain trust in someone to make it ok.  <|endoftext|>"
