"Idea Title: How many people know the code?  Idea Description: Theres a running joke with one of my friends that half of Delray knows his garage door code, which is his main entry to his home. We just pop over whenever, when we go over we just walk in. So id be curious to see how many people share their door codes and alarm codes with people and how many people they give it to. how many people change their codes? how frequently? who creates guest codes for when they have a dog sitter or baby sitter? do these codes expire? Lets expand this into cameras and the other safety tech people have. Are people with cameras more lenient than those without them? How many people get notifications anyone enters their door code / unlocks a door or disarms an alarm.Has anyone ever shared access to their camera system? maybe with a relative or house sitter? How many people set expirations on this sort of thing? Lets look at how reckless people are with their security codes.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Remote v. In-person Mental Health Therapy  Idea Description: In the last few months, theres been an explosion in the availability of mental health therapy via convenient apps. Although this means that mental health care may be more accessible than ever before, how do people feel about their options? During a time where no one is really leaving their homes, will this be a lifeline for some newly isolated people?Lets survey Americans/Europeans about their interactions with therapy, either online or in person. What do people most recommend or prefer? How many started seeing a virtual therapist in the last few weeks due to coronavirus? Do people think this is a passing fad or the way of the future of mental health care? How do busy professionals feel about the convenience of online care? Are they more likely to opt for digital therapy to work into their schedules? Which age groups and countries are most open minded? What are the benefits and drawbacks of each?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Working From Home  Idea Description: Inspired by Mels point that well probably get responses from full-time workers faster...If youre lazy, disengaged, or just plain unethical, theres a chance that working from home means a lot less work. For some people, maybe it means not working at all, or even working on a side-gig. For this campaign, we would survey people who are intentionally working less, phoning it in, or bullshitting all day because they can get away with it. What percentage of people are unfairly taking advantage of WFH in order to do other things on company time? What lengths are people going to to make it appear like theyre working? What percentage of people believe/know that their employer has no real way of making sure that theyre actually working?What types of workers and companies are more susceptible to this? What levels of income and authority? How does job sentiment and sentiment for company play into this?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Work Hard, Study Harder  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets explore how shouldering the responsibility of work, school, and an active social + love life affects the mental health and educational success of college students. A recent study found that 70% of college students are stressed about finances, so what measures are students taking to reduce this intense feeling? What percentage of students employed, both part and full-time? Are students who work receiving higher marks in general? Does working more hours a week, on average, lead to a lower GPA? Are working students attending less parties and having less sex? Lets leverage social isolation, job satisfaction, and depression validated scales to identify the types of students struggling with mental health. What steps do students take to protect their mental health? Perhaps we can utilize HARO for expert insights on the best tips & tricks for navigating college safely and successfully.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: LGBTQIA+ Gamer Analysis  Idea Description: Although esports is rapidly gaining exposure, representation of the LGBTQIA+ community within the industry isnt up to speed. In this campaign, well conduct an in-depth analysis of LGBTQIA+ streamers and esports professionals to understand the sexuality divide in the video game industry. Among the top 500 esports earners, what percentage identify as LGBTQIA+? Who are the most followed and/or streamed LGBTQIA+ streamers? Whats more, well conduct a short survey of 300+ LGBTQIA+ gamers to explore their experiences in the video game community. How often do they experience harassment? What methods do they use to avoid harassment while gaming online? How many prefer gaming offline? What percentage turn to video games for escapism? Do these gamers feel video game characters should be more diverse? What types of games do they prefer? How many online friends have they made through video games? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Next-Gen Console Wars  Idea Description: Said pitching for gamblers pick in July but dont believe it was produced.---Playstation and Xbox are preparing for their next-gen console releases later this year but which companies will come out on top? With game sales experiencing a boom due to COVID-19 (Nintendo Switch consoles have been sold out for months), this holiday season may be the biggest ever.Theres been a lot of coverage on this topic so lets provide some hard research and numbers to find out which console fans are most excited about.Well conduct a survey of 1,000 consumers. Which console are consumers planning to purchase? How satisfied are they with what theyve seen from each company so far? How many consumers plan to change consoles this generation (switch from Playstation to Xbox)? What tech features and hardware specs are most important to each demographic (streaming services, cross-compatibility, resolution, etc.)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Motherhood Mortality  Idea Description: The U.S. is one of the wealthiest countries and somehow also has the highest mortality rate among mothers. The CDC did a report breaking down some of the factors and statistics on the crisis. The report: https://www.cdcfoundation.org/sites/default/files/files/ReportfromNineMMRCs.pdfProPublica also did a total breakdown of the crisis and its fascinating: https://www.propublica.org/article/die-in-childbirth-maternal-death-rate-health-care-systemSami also had the idea of crossing motherhood mortality and the rapid decrease in infant mortality to see the parallels in both--also with income and race. It could also be interesting to include a small survey from mothers or women have been pregnant on how they navigated the healthcare system and include questions on how costs impacted them, if they felt unsafe in the hospital setting, etc. (cross with income, state hospital resides in and race)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I Need ____ to Fall Asleep  Idea Description: This campaign will be exactly what it sounds like. We 'll find out how many people need something in particular, or a certain situation, to be able to fall asleep.My mom can 't fall asleep without the TV on. Some people can 't fall asleep without a fan, or with the air above a certain temperature. My fiancee can 't fall asleep unless literally half of the bed is covered in pillows, for some damn reason. Other people absolutely insist that their pet sleeps in the bed with them.To expand this idea beyond 2-3 assets, we can look for correlations between sleep quality/quantity. Are particular sleepers sleeping better? Are people who insist on one particular thing sleeping better than people who insist on something else? What happens when their specific sleep requirements aren 't met?Without going full X and success we could also explore how sleep pickiness correlates to other aspects of life.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Roommate Nightmares  Idea Description: For me, it was when my old roommate gave our apartment key to one of her friends so they could wait for her while she was at class, all without any head 's up leaving me super confused and uncomfortable after walking through the door. For others, it might be their roommate having strangers over every night, not consistently paying their rent, leaving the stove on, leaving food out or dishes in the sink, not locking the front door, etc.What are the most common pet peeves/ultimate dealbreakers? Did they know the person prior to living with them and how'Aisibling, distant relative, friend, coworker, friend 's S.O.? If they didn 't know them, how did they find them'AiCraigslist, app (can list a few popular ones), friend of a friend, etc.?Basically, let 's reboot Abodo 's Worst Roommates Ever but dive into certain aspects even further/ touch on certain aspects that weren 't mentioned previously.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Fan Perceptions vs Actual Results  Idea Description: Repitch:The idea for this campaign would be to compare the actual results of the current NFL season vs. fans projections. We would have to use stats from Sports Reference and conduct a small survey with questions such as: -Which of the following players you had as contenders for this seasons rookie of the year/breakthrough player of the year?-Which of these teams you had as winning the NFC/AFC championship?-Which were your top candidates to face in this seasons Super Bowl?-Which of these teams had you gone all the way?-Which of the following players you have as this seasons MVP candidates-Which of the following you had as the most improved team of the season?-Which teams you had going from worst-to-first?-Which teams you had going from first-to-worst?Then we would compare their opinions with the actual seasons results using data from https://www.pro-football-reference.com/  <|endoftext|>
