"Idea Title: The Efficacy of Using T-shirts for PR on TikTok  Idea Description: This would be an experiment, done by RushOrderTees, for RushOrderTees with a dual goal. 1. Test the efficacy of sending novelty t-shirts to tiktok influencers, where the T-shirt is something funny, and related to their content/self/audience, and/or customized that in some way plays off recent content they created. If the experiment works, awesome! should drive some sales. 2. Regardless of if it works, the experiment, and data results of the experiment would be a fascinating exploration of a t-shirt driven marketing tactic for engaging influencers. The resulting data visualizations would look at things like response rate (who did something about getting a free t-shirt), free content (thank you vids or something posted to channel), rejections, ignores, etc. If it works well, it will be even more compelling because then it can be positively compared vs. other tactics in a dollars to dollars way.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mapping the Germaphobe  Idea Description: I listened to a podcast recently where an MD specializing in infectious diseases was the featured guest. The most interesting takeaway was that a lot of the habits we incorporate into our lives to avoid germs (i.e. hand sanitizer or wiping the seats on an airplane) are more beneficial for our peace of mind than actually avoiding getting sick. So lets survey people about the top habits and their sentiments How many people wipe down the seat on public transportation? Wear hospital masks out in public? Drink a bunch of Emergen-C before getting on a plane? Wipe their phone down?Would people still continue doing so for peace of mind, even if its not as effective as they believed? How often are people worried about getting sick? What are the main motivators for keeping up this habit-- Dont want to miss work? Used up sick days? Dont want to go to a doctor? Dont want to spend $ on medicine?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Monster Under Your Bed  Idea Description: Similar to previous ideation Monster Under the Bed Project (h/t Joe Mercurio) [We 'll recruit children across the country via listings + consent forms on FB, craigslist, and personal contacts. From here, we 'll have children draw the monster they imagine in their closet, under their bed, etc. Moreover, we 'll task parents to answer a brief survey for concrete takeaways.]Rather than recruiting children, why don 't we get adults to attempt to recreate the monsters they imagined under their beds as children? Or, maybe there are plenty of people (like me) that still imagine a serial killer is hiding in the dark - and they can sketch what that looks like.We can conduct a supplemental survey to find out more about the sleep preferences of the people in the survey, i.e. how many hours per night? are they sound or light sleepers? do they require sleep aids (medication, alcohol, tea, etc.) to sleep?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Optimal Work Environments  Idea Description: Individualized education programs are a thing, so why would it be different for individually-enhanced productivity environments? What kinds of things do you need in a space to work efficiently and at your best? Some like music, silence, some like energetic and team-collab environments. In terms of feedback, can we expect everyone to give their best feedback in a group, 1:1, or written setting? Using a survey, lets analyze optimal work environments for 1,000 employees, segmenting by generation and gender. Lets also ask how much people believe their workplace tries to provide that work environment for them. What percentage of people are working in a space that simply isnt conducive to their personal best work? What little things could be done to change that? How do managers feel about individual needs of employees in this sense, and how willing are they to do this, or do they think its frivolous?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Selling a Job Opening  Idea Description: When a business wants to reach high quality candidates for an opening, there is definitely a need to market the position and their company culture.For this idea, we 'll explore people 's perceptions of what makes a company or job opening appealing or unappealing to a candidate. From general aspects of the business to specific details of the job posting. We 'll highlight differences between generations (including Gen Z) for a fresh newsworthy appeal.What are the the significant red flags? Poor social media presence, lack of salary information, negative reviews, vague job descriptions, short tenure from employees on LinkedIn? Perhaps you stick to large or medium sized businesses only. Are you open to unsolicited contacts through email or social media? Do you ignore job offers that sound too good to be true?What do small businesses and employers need to know about the incoming workforce?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employee Flow: Big to Small Business  Idea Description: They say the grass is always greener on the other side. This kind of thinking may be especially true for employees of large/small businesses.When speaking to individuals whove found themselves working for a large business, a common sentiment may be that they would love to work for a smaller more intimate business. Maybe it would allow them less competition, more individualized attention, or they could make more of an impact.The same may be true for a current small business employee who desires more stability, management structure, or better benefits.For this idea, well survey peoples perceptions of what they think the perks/downsides are of working for a small or large business. Is there more desire to move from big to small or vice versa?For those who have made the switch, was the grass really greener? Hit a significant sample of Gen Z to capture those emerging workforce trends.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The State of Roads in the U.S. (New Data!)  Idea Description: I did this project for AWL (Fatalities per Mile), but with 2017 data. Meanwhile, 2018 Highway Statistics have been released so we could reboot it. Theres also a lot of different data in the Highway Statistics, so we could do something else. (Heres the old LP for reference: The Federal Highway Administration provides a number of interesting datasets in their report of highway statistics, including vehicle miles traveled (by all vehicles), broken down by state, urban or rural classification, and road type (local, interstate, major/minor connector, etc.). Another interesting metric is pavement condition, by state, urban or rural, road type, etc. Funding for roads is included as well as licensed drivers, and fuel use (and theres even more in the data).With this we could see the state of roads by state in terms of business (miles traveled/licensed drivers), road conditions, and/or funding.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Who Gambles?  Idea Description: For this project, lets tap the American Time Use Survey (ATUS) to identify the demographics of gambling. The data set has a variable for time spent attending gambling establishments which means we 'll be able to cross this info with various demographics. For instance, is gambling more common among low income earners? How is sleep affected by time spent at casinos? Are married or divorced individuals more likely to attend a gambling establishment? How does time spent gambling compare against other leisure categories? Additionally, let 's supplement this public data with a short survey asking frequent casino-goers about their favorite games and their weekly gambling expenditure. Kip, perhaps we should make the survey the focal point of the campaign identifying America 's favorite casino game, $ spent per game/demo, and average amount lost. Then we can supplement with the ATUS data... Thoughts?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pursuing Promotions  Idea Description: Some people hit the ground running the second they enter the workplace, eager to earn promotions and get raises. They observe their coworkers with watchful gazes, counting their wins and losses to gauge who will present as competition when superior positions become available. Others are just trying to complete their tasks, going about their day without any particular desire to appear impressive or lead the pack. Sometimes, this nonchalant approach still yields excellence based on natural skill and these people receive promotions regardless.Do they want them? Which approach is more likely to receive a promotion?Do people actively desire promotions?What are peoples financial expectations with a promotion -- I was surprised to learn that some people think a 5% raise is insulting, especially if there is a title change, while other people think its odd for people to expect one  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Money Saved (and Lost) By DIY  Idea Description: Speaking from experience as a new homeowner, something is always broken and everything is expensive. However, you can save a whole lot of money by making simple repairs yourself. In other cases, youre probably a lot better off sucking it up and hiring a professional.For this campaign, well combine research with a survey to explore topics like: which repairs/upgrades are worth doing yourself, and which arent. Which repairs/upgrades are people willing or unwilling to do? How much money are DIYers saving compared to people who hire out? How much money does a big mistake cost you?Potential survey questions: what are you willing to do, what arent you willing to do? what have you tried (and failed, and how much did it cost you) and what are you unwilling to do.Potential research: most common issues/repairs/upgrades and costs (actuals quotes or existing estimates) for professionals vs DIY  <|endoftext|>"
