"Idea Title: Starting Your Job Remotely  Idea Description: Starting a new job in a remote position isnt an uncommon experience in this job market, but with COVID-19 infections and no vaccine, it might be a reality for anyone looking for a new job in the near future. For this project, lets survey 800 employees who have started a job remotely in the past few years. Wed also focus on getting a sample of 200 people who started a job remotely after Jan 1, 2020 (right before COVID-19 or during). How does a remote onboarding experience affect an employees perception of the company? What company methods work, and dont work? And finally, what has been the experience of those who started a job before their company went remote for the pandemic, as well as those who started working remotely during it? Well use this survey to explore successful remote work onboarding strategies, what works for employee productivity, and feeling like they are a part of the team.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Distracted Driving 2: The Streets  Idea Description: Last weekend at the busy intersection on the corner of my house, I saw an ambulence and police cars. The next day, I saw flowers and a teddy bear on the intersection, as a pedestrian had passed. For this campaign, we would re-do the distracted driving video (http://www.sr22agency.com/the-hazards-of-distracted-driving-lp/) using a busy intersection like the one near my house. Wed set up 2 cameras, one pointing at the front of the car, one at the back, to see how often people are: 1. Using turn signals2. Rolling through stops3. Running red (if we can see it) 4. Distracted driving (texting, eating, looking down, etc.)Wed pick an intersection, hopefully one where you have the option to either go straight or turn right, and for some of the hour or 2 of filming, would have a pedestrian planted on the corner of the intersection to see how behaviors change if there are people there.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is Your Electric Car Really that Green?  Idea Description: Most people agree that electric cars are better for the environment than gas-powered vehicles, but there are counterpoints that often come up in conversation: What 's the environmental impact of manufacturing these new cars? How can you safely dispose of the giant batteries once the car exceeds its lifespan? Is the electricity coming from fossil fuels, or from sustainable sources?This campaign will make use of extensive research into the manufacturing of electric vehicles to compare the environmental impact to that of driving a gas-powered car, focusing on manufacturing impact, battery disposal, and electricity sourcing. The framing will be We\re answering the question: Is a electric vehicle really greener?We 'll also run a small survey to ask people whether they think electric cars are really better for the environment, and asking those who own hybrids or electrics the same question.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Signs and Divisions  Idea Description: How does your opinion of a person change once they have a sign for a candidate you dont agree with in their front yard? What about if they have it as a bumper sticker, or as a hat or tshirt? Which of these things is the most divisive, and how much does our opinion of a person change once we know their political affiliations? If we wanted to get a bit risque, we could use stock models and give them pro/ani trump gear and ask people to rate those stock models on different qualities like intelligence, attractiveness, wealth, etc. We could do the same thing but with stock houses as well, with pro/anti trump signs in their yard, same goes for on their cars. This is a tad experimental, but as long as we get the rights to the images can be done through a survey. We can A/B test each image to see what the baseline ratings/qualities of that person are, vs what they are with the political gear attached.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Is Healthy?  Idea Description: In this project, let 's ask 1,000 people to define what it means to be healthy. The WHO defines health as complete physical, mental and social well-being - and not merely the absence of disease of infirmity. Despite this, are Americans still defining health in a narrow way? Where do people rank mental health, social ties, and physical activity on the health spectrum?How big does your circle of friends need to be considered healthy? Are healthy people the ones who 've mastered a work-life balance? Once defined, we 'll ask people a series of questions to determine the current health levels. How many people are knowledgeable about their nutrition? How many people exercise daily? Are people struggling to live up to their definition? Finally, we can end with a tie to the pandemic. How many people started to take their health more seriously? Do people finally realize America has an obesity problem?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Kid Lairs of Yesterday and Today  Idea Description: Family Living Today had this swing set guide on their homepage - https://familylivingtoday.com/best-backyard-swing-sets/ - and it got me nostalgic for my own prized swing set. We didnt have a playroom or a tree house worthy trees, but for me, that swingset was the jam.Taking a cue from the UK teams recent imaginary friends campaign, lets run a survey that asks parents what their getaway space was growing up (a playroom, a treehouse, swingset, etc) and what they provide their kids. We could do fun stuff like length of time they used different items or rooms, how much theyve spent on their own children (vs how much they estimate was spent on them), how fast their children outgrow things and need new ones vs how long the parents used their own setups (I suspect this is much faster than in the past) OR whether kids dont even do this stuff anymore and they just play on smart devices all day.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Family Stories  Idea Description: https://blog.stannah-stairlifts.com/society/celebrating-life-how-oral-history-can-help-preserve-our-stories/Inspired by this, let 's survey people about their family stories and histories.Now a days, I wonder if all the pictures from my life (that are digital) will even make it to my kids. I feel like my kids wont has the benefits of the stories and artifacts of my time on earth like I was able to explore with my parents.Let 's survey people and ask them how many of them have photoalbumsdo they know where their grandparents are from? great grandparents are from? DO they ask about their family? Or do their families share stories?DO they feel connected to their family history? Who feels that their family stories and histories are at risk of dying soon?How has COVID19 impacted this? Have people had more of a chance to stay home and connect more and learn more with their families?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ideal Traits for Men and Women  Idea Description: Last year, Pew did a study that explored the traits people most value in men and women. They explored the differences between genders, but I have a feeling that there would be a great deal of differences here between generations. For example, older generations might not favor strength as a value in women, but millennials and Gen Zers might really value strength in women. They might also value sensitivity and gentleness in men at higher rates than older generations. Lets explore how weve changed as a country in what we value in different genders. Are we moving away from stereotypical ideals or are we still pigeonholing people into having certain traits based on their gender?What traits are people looking for in partners in different generations and region?? Original PEW Study: https://www.pewsocialtrends.org/interactives/strong-men-caring-women/ (amazing scrolly telling btw)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Faces & Bodies of Magazine Covers Over The Years  Idea Description: Tyra Banks first graced the SI swim suit edition in 1996. Now 33 years later, at 45 years old, she is back on the cover, something that is unusual considering the cover girl is usually in her 20s. In 2016, the first plus-size model was on the SI cover- times are clearly changing and so are mag covers. Let 's look at faces and bodies and ages and whatever variables we can find measurable of some of the most popular magazine publications covers over time. I want to track different genres of major magazines (male-focused, female-focused, sports, even magazine covers like Times person of the year, etc) and see how the bodies flanking the front covers of their magazines have changed within the publication itself and also in relation to others in its genre. I want to choose major publications that have a long pub time. Many things can be chosen to highlight as various genres are being portrayed.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Alcohol & Weight  Idea Description: A landing page where people can explore the nutritional information of spirits, liqueurs, and other ingredients commonly used in alcoholic beverages. We would emphasize ingredients and refreshments highest in sugar and calories rather than those with the lowest as to not suggest that people merely change their beverage choices rather than limit or cease consumption. This page would include a calculator of sorts where people would input what they typically consume and receive information on how much sugar and calories they consumed, as well as how long they would have to do various exercises to compensate for their consumption. Similarly to how one of the television doctors melodramatically showed audience members slabs of raw adipose tissue to help them visualize their fat intake, we could find a way to creatively visualize their sugar intake based on how much sugar they report consuming.  <|endoftext|>"
