"Idea Title: Millennial Grievances  Idea Description: Repitch of an idea that wasnt the right for for the AscentPretty much every millennial feels that, as a generation, we got screwed pretty hard from a financial perspective. Most of us graduated into a recession with a bunch of student loan debt and no job prospects. Even now, almost a decade later, most of us cant afford houses and families. Thats not news, but a survey about how we all feel about it would be.For this campaign, we would survey millennials about how they think they got screwed, who they blame for it, and how their life has been impacted by it, and how it shapes their political/economic beliefs. It will be a new and personal take on a common topic.What percentage of millennials believe they/we got screwed? Who do millennials blame for it? What percentage are optimistic about their futures? What percentage are living the life that they expected to or want to?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Men vs Women Travel Habits  Idea Description: For this campaign, well compare the differences between men and women when it comes to travel. Who packs more, who plans more, who prioritizes various types of experiences, etc....Some of the big topics/categories we can focus on:Packing - Which gender packs more, which gender is more likely to forget something important, how many of X item does each gender pack (clothes, toiletries, misc stuff, etc...), what percentage of packed items does each gender actually use, etc...Planning - Which gender plans more? How good are people at sticking to their plans? Are planners more or less likely to appreciate their trip? What types of experiences is each gender more/less likely to plan (food, museums, etc...)Transit - How do men and women experience travel/transit differently? Who struggles more to get comfortable on plane flights, who is more/less willing to take a train, etc...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Makes Up Your Social Media Feed  Idea Description: What makes up your Facebook and Instagram feeds? Is it like 65% ads and sponsored stories? Are half of the videos that arent ads have ads half way through the video? How much actual content from friends do you get, or is it suggestions based on content your friends like? 'Ai For this idea we would ask a large number of participants to scroll through their social media feeds and record what they are seeing. We would have them scan the first 100 posts, and segment results by follow up survey questions about each participant. From sponsored stories, to ads from companies, or suggestions to follow companies? Further, how much is your feed filled with politics? Health related topics? Pictures of your friends children, or pets? What about memes? This categorization would be extensive for a number of different rankings for different types of people and levels of activity on social media.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Comparing Salaries  Idea Description: Have you ever asked someone you work with their salary? Who? A friend, or someone close to you at work? Someone you dont really know in a parallel position? For this idea we would survey people on the feelings they get before asking and after asking. Was it worth knowing? Did they use the others salary as ammo to ask for a raise? Does your work have a policy asking you to keep that private? How many people even listen to that? Do you feel like you do more work than others in similar positions? Or less? Do you think they make more or less than you? This idea wed dive into the specifics and feelings behind comparing salaries in the workplace, and even verge into the home life 'Ai How many of us compare them with our significant other? Do we even know what they make? Does this vary based on type of relationship or length of time with someone? Is this something youd like to know right away?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Seasonal Prescriptions  Idea Description: We 've all heard of seasonal affective disorder, and understand that the cold (and grey) may have people searching for different types of medications depending on the month or year. But what specifically changes season to season, month to month, or even day of week and beyond? Using USARX 's internal search data (potentially paired with Google Trends data), we can find how many people are searching for Xanax on the weekends, anti-depressants during winter, or even ADHD medication when school starts. What are are the seasonal diseases or disorders that people are trying to treat at different times of the year?Seeing any changes during COVID-19 could also be very interesting. Are we anticipating a spike in anxiety and depression going forward? I'm reading a lot of articles now on the collective and pervasive grief of life after covid and this could be a really poignant look into that.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Avoiding Home Sweet Home Going Sour During COVID  Idea Description: Home sweet home might sound bittersweet lately. Since we face a second wave, how are people coping with the multiple challenges of being limited mainly to home? How are they maintaining harmony and avoiding driving themselves crazy? How this differs from those living alone to those living in a full house? What are the sentiments of different demos? How do single people compare to those in relationships and parents? Lets find out.How long did it take for single people/relationships/parents to feel challenged/bored/anxious inside their homes? How much more are people arguing? What percentage are not feeling Ok inside their homes? What percentage have scheduled personal and family fun time in their routines? For those in relationships, how are they keeping their relationships sane? Practicing self-care together? Keeping the workday limited? Going outside together? Keeping kids occupied?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Going out of your comfort Zone  Idea Description: How many people are willing to step out of their metaphorical comfort zone? How open to they on taking risks in life. Why do they stay within their comfort zones? DO people think they are being held back by not being open to more risks? Let 's use some validated risk measuring surveys to figure out how adverse to risk taking people are. https://testyourself.psychtests.com/testid/2122https://www.researchgate.net/post/What_is_the_best_scale_tool_questionnaire_for_measuring_risk_taking_propensity Then let 's ask people if they think they are being held back by their adversion to taking risks and stepping out of their comfort zone. DO people ever tell them to step out of your comfort zone etc,. this could have a delayed tie in to new year new year, take risks as well, but definitely wouldnt be a focus, just can see it as a potential pitching angle for the topic in general  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dont Skimp on Toilet Paper  Idea Description: As (thoroughly) discussed, expensive toilet paper is amazing and cheap toilet paper is literally worth complaining to HR about. There are some things in life that are worth the extra money: what are they? Well look at the things that are worth paying a little extra for (because theyre awesome and luxurious, or more effective, etc..) and the things that you really shouldnt cheap out on (because theyll break anyway, theyre dangerous, etc...).Products (ex: tools, bedsheets, cookware, shoes, anything related to safety or health)Services (ex: craigslist contractors, cheap haircuts or nail care, etc...)Travel (ex: good hotels vs sketchy motels, Spirit vs planes that arent filthy)LIke this below but based on what actual people say:https://tenleyview.com/2016/04/8-household-items-skimp-on/https://www.businessinsider.com/things-you-shouldnt-skimp-on-2019-6#nursery-items-5  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Underpaid? - Are new graduates earning enough?  Idea Description: Graduating in a struggling economy is never easy; graduating in one that is struggling during a pandemic is most likely making it even more difficult for new graduates to enter the workforce, both in finding a career that they enjoy, but also one that helps them live independently and allow them to start paying back their student loans. Is there a difference between study fields that do better in this situation? A difference between gender, or does the already existing wage gap negatively impact female new graduates? We could run a survey looking at people that have graduates in the last 4-5 yeas, and see how long it took to find the first job, if it was paid, had benefits, etc has changed across this time frame, and how current seniors graduating soon are feeling about their odds? Will they try to pursue a higher degree, take a gap year, or internships? Are they worried, or hopeful?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: A Tale of Two Resumes  Idea Description: Since I focused on get a great GPA in college, I definitely passed up on some great internship opportunities. What I really want to know is, would I have been much better off if my resume showed better internships and less academic accomplishments. Lets craft a few resumes that are identical except for the education and work history section. One resume will show fantastic academic accomplishments, with an accomplished internship history. One will show show the same academic accomplishments with no internships. One will show a sub-par academic history, but an extensive internship history. The last resume will be a resume with a lacking academic history and internship history. The goal will be to show what is really important for employers when it comes getting an entry level position. We can work with promo for supplemental questions to ask the hiring managers to flesh out the campaign.  <|endoftext|>"
