"Idea Title: [Lifestyle...Relationships] handiness and partner attraction  Idea Description: So, I grew up in a pretty handy family. My mom can fix just about anything. Shes a plumber, electrition, carpenter, etc. She 's really wonderful. She is a TOTAL catch.But how many men find this sort of knowledge attractive? How many men find it intimidating? Is it sexy when a woman knows her way around a saw?What tools do they love to watch someone handle? Whats the sexiest tool to use?How about for women? we can also have people rate how handy they think they are, and if they have a partner how handy they are.Theres a lot we can explore here. Like how important is someones ability to DIY and work on the home important for a future partner? DO men feel ashamed when their partner says let 's just call someoneI mean there has to be something here, i feel like theres whole porn topics related to this This will tie into working on homes as well as relationship  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employee Technology Mishaps  Idea Description: With more employees working from home or remotely than ever, how have employees adopted making the transition to using different technologies to get their jobs done? This campaign would especially focus on older groups, such as baby boomers, and how their transition to remote work compares to that of Gen Xers or Millennials. Who has had the hardest time adopting? Who thinks remote work should be widely accepted now and not just temporary? Have any boomers accidentally butt-dialed colleagues through video call on their devices? Do older people believe their job has become more complex because they have to use different technologies to connect with their colleagues now? Has it caused anyone more stress through having to learn new methods during this time? Or is there a general consensus that working from home has created more ease in their lives, despite adopting different technologies?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Voting Against Your Wallet  Idea Description: Voters who choose their wallets over their values in 2020 are taking a big risk - WaPo---For many Americans, the health and performance of the economy is the most critical issue for which they determine their voting position. On the other hand, some voters may intend to vote based on their personal values, even if they believe that vote may come as a detriment to their investment positions.In this idea, well conduct a survey of 1,000 respondents with investments to determine how many would support a candidate even if they believe it would negatively impact their personal investments. Or vice versa: how many would vote against personal values in favor of the nations economic health.How to voters consolidate these two issues? How many feel it is worth it to make small sacrifices to values or economic health? Overall, where does the economy rank in comparison to other issues?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Majors Dont Matter?  Idea Description: Picking a college major can be one of the toughest decisions of a students career. So many thoughts run through their heads -- what if I dont want to work in this field 4 years from now? Am I going to be interested in this a few weeks from now? Will my tuition money be worth it? Surprisingly, most people end up not even getting a job in their chosen field. Personally, I got lucky with such a broad major -- people like my Aunt and Uncle (went to school for Environmental studies) ended up working in a restaurant and a contracting company. One of my best friends who recently graduated from FAU went to school for Criminal Justice and now works for a childrens nonprofit. Lets survey current and past students to see how useful their degree really was, or how useful they think its going to be. Have times changed? Are more people getting a job in their major than lets say, 10 years ago?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pets in Cars  Idea Description: People love going for drives with their pets, but whats the best way to keep pets safe while on the road? Have owners specifically purchased their vehicle based on their dog, or dogs size, and if so, what vehicle types are most popular? Do owners typically buckle up their pets or use some kind of safety belt/carrier? How many owners are naughty and allow their pets in the front seat, or even worse, to ride on their laps? How many have undertaken road trips for their pets, and what are the must-have car accessories or tips for that? Pet content slaps. Lets do a project looking at how many Americans conform their pet choices to their favorite furry family members, the safety tips and tricks, how they handle pet car anxiety. We can segment results by generation as well as pet size or breed to create interesting looks into how far Americans go to keep their pets save in their cars.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Digital Training  Idea Description: For employees who started working remotely during the pandemic, how do they feel about learning or training in this new format? Lets explore how companies are handling remote/digital employee training and onboarding, as well as employee perceptions of it, including job satisfaction, training satisfaction and team connection. Now that workplaces are embracing a remote model, how is company training being implemented, as well as new hire training? We can explore the formats employees like best with training: reading materials with follow-up quizzes? self-guided resources? Zoom chats and webinars, online class credits? Are companies focusing on training right now at all? From an employee perspective, what are the pros and cons of starting a job remotely? Are companies implementing quizzes, and reviewing which employees complete their training, or is it self-directed/guided learning?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Self-Care Repitch  Idea Description: Pitched this for Discover but not sure if produced? https://app.asana.com/0/863425893403080/1112025671141639--For this campaign, well explore the frequency and the amount of time Americans are devoting to their financial well-being by activity, demographics, and personal financial health.What separates passive and active money managers? Does an hour of week of budgeting result in significantly higher rates of personal financial success? For how long do you need to spend on your financial self care before the benefits plateau? And how does financial self care vary between millennials and boomers?Can break down by methods like Intuits personal finance app Mint vs. keeping a traditional spreadsheet.Activities to explore can include budgeting, investment management, debt management, reviewing credit card transactions, rewards management, establishing financial goals, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Streaming and Mental Health  Idea Description: Its a given these days that streaming, no matter what platform, offers an escape from the humdrum of every-day life. However, there are also shows that we sometimes actively avoid watching because we deem them detrimental to our mental health.For this campaign, lets look at how people think streaming impacts their mental health. Do people who stream more than 10 hours a week less satisfied with their lives than people who stream less than 5 hours per week? Or is the opposite true? Are there particular shows and genres that people watch for a pick-me-up or to escape (Great British Baking!)?Are there shows that people rate as detrimental to their mental health? How many people avoid murder documentaries/true crime because of this? Or other genres? To allow us to call out specific shows while keeping it manageable, I think it would be good to use write-ins from respondents.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Safety Conversations with Kids  Idea Description: How do you talk with your kids about safety? At what age do they start asking? Or do you introduce it as a natural part of life. Have you had a real world experience when you needed to breach these tough topics? For this idea we would survey respondents on these tough topics and how, when and why they had to have these discussions to create a guide for parents and readers. In addition, wed look at whats acceptable 'Ai At what age do we think its acceptable to talk about strangers, robbery, violence, suicide, guns, human trafficking, and more? How young is too young for kids to come home to an empty house? At what age do you teach your child about the home security system? Should you talk to your children about personal safety outside of the home? Have you talked to your kids about school safety? Have you not until a major incidence happened? Should parents be proactive? And more...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Internet Security Priority Checklist  Idea Description: There is a dizzying array of internet security concerns to stay on top of as a digital citizen: making sure your passwords are secure, your contact information is controlled, your IP address and browser activity is masked, etc. For those looking to step up their personal internet security, a data-driven priority checklist could be handy.HaveIBeenPwned.com is a website that tracks data breaches from companies and web services around the world, with incidents going back as far as 2007. We can access their API to retrieve a list of all the breaches theyve identified, and determine which types of user information are most commonly stolen and sold. Using this data, we can provide an action priority list: should people invest in a VPN or a password manager first?We can also look at the charactersitics of sites that have been breached: which services are most likely to be breached?  <|endoftext|>"
