"Idea Title: Breaking Down CC Preferences of Millennials  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets explore credit card preferences, habits and usage among different types of millennials. Potential questions will include: At what age did you receive your first credit card? Whats the average credit limit on a first time, millennial credit card holder? Which factors matter most when weighing rewards cards? Types of rewards (travel, cash back, etc)? Low or no annual frees? How many credit cards does the typical millennial own? Which rewards are they craving? Which perks are they ignoring? How many millennials are burdened by credit card debt? What percentage of the time are millennials paying with a credit card over a debit card? How many are carry a balance and how many pay their balance in full each month? Additionally, we can inquire about annual income to determine how wealthy millennials use credit cards differently than their lower class counterparts.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hitting Send to the Wrong Person  Idea Description: Technology at our fingertips has introduced a different type of awkward interaction between humans: the accidental text (or email). Both forms are so finite by nature so in most cases, once you 've pressed send, that 's it. No going back. How many people have sent the wrong message to someone via text or by email? How often do college students send the wrong message to their professors? How many employees have sent the wrong message to their employers? How many have sent something personal/embarrassing/etc. How many people have sent something rude/inappropriate about someone to that very same person they were discussing? What were the repercussions? How unprofessional do they perceive people who make this mistake? How does that differ when its personal information vs. school vs. professional? Could expand to emailing unfinished (or not proofread) work to professors, employers, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What would you do with x dollars?  Idea Description: Lett do a really simple campaign where we ask people how they would allocate a cash influx of $5,000, $10,000, $25,000, $100,000, or $1,000,000. We will have pre-selected categories (pay off debt, save, invest, monthly expenses, etc) that they can fill in percentages for, adding up to 100%. They would also have the opportunity to write in what a splurge purchase would be at each level (if theyd choose to make one). We could break down all of these allocations by generation (will be really interesting), gender, income, job level, etc.We could also run our results against basic financial advice like the 50-30-20 rule (https://www.forbes.com/sites/trulia/2016/07/11/new-to-budgeting-why-you-should-try-the-50-20-30-rule/#7a1c998332e9) to see who adheres the closest to it.The campaign would generate a lot of data quickly and could easily be completed in this expedited timeline.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Variance in Pharmaceutical Costs Across the Globe  Idea Description: Drugs are expensive as hell, particularly in America. The rising cost of drugs and the average Americans inability to include them in their budget is a hot topic in the political and social sphere. As weve come to understand that other nations offer similar treatments and drugs at far lower costs, many Americans are traveling abroad for not only surgical and cosmetic reasons, but also to legally procure drugs at affordable rates. For example, scientists recently developed an effective treatment for Hepatitis C. It cost nearly 100K in America, but a (relatively) affordable 9K in India. For this idea, we will look at the costs of the most used and/or most expensive drugs in America and compare them to the costs of drugs in other nations. This will highlight the role of the government in preventing healthcare manufacturers from exploiting the human will to survive for profit.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Prepping for a Drug Test  Idea Description: There are many situations in which people are required to take drug tests- new jobs, probation, treatment centers, sports, etc. I want to survey people to find out what they did based on the type of drug test, (hair, blood, saliva, etc), different drugs and reasons for the drug test. I want to use demographic indicators to find out who is more likely to do what, etc. I think there are enough people out there to survey based on this info: Thirteen states spent more than $200,000 screening federal-aid applicants for drugs last year. Only 338 people tested positive, according to data gathered by ThinkProgress.In total, the states required more than 260,000 people to submit to drug screening or testing as a condition of receiving Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), which provides cash assistance to low-income people. In some states, not one person tested positive.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Commuting Less  Idea Description: The impact that a commute has on stress, morning routines, finances and quality of life is huge, but now that COVID-19 has limited or stopped commutes altogether, how has that impacted us? Using a survey, lets explore the impacts a WFH or partially remote lifestyle has made on employees who used to work onsite. We can include parent perspectives as well, as the shutdowns of schools and activities also mean less running around. What are the pros and cons? Are people really less stressed? Are they using the X hours saved from commuting for exercise, or healthy morning routines? There are also some interesting reports that say car dealership are offering incredible deals to entice buyers. Are people using this time to buy their dream car, or upgrade their current vehicle due to favorable financing and deals? How many are actually reducing the number of cars in the household?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Going Hybrid  Idea Description: Earlier this year, Trump announced plans to freeze mileage and fuel efficiency standards to help automakers supposedly, with the hopes of making cars more affordable for consumers. The issue is, once you get used a fuel-efficient cars, why would you settle for less? Would you buy your next new car, pay more, for something that has the same fuel efficiency than your last? There are a lot of problems with this thinking. Let 's survey 1000 car owners and analyze sentiment from non-hybrid and hybrid owners. We 'll compare top reasons behind going hybrid or staying non-hybrid: fuel cost, environment, attracted to the tech of a hybrid car, and we 'll ask if non-hybrid owners have plans to convert in the future. How do they feel about freezing fuel efficiency? How many Americans have fully electric? Should we go 100% hybrid? We 'll compare across owner type and political affiliations.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Investing FOMO  Idea Description: Do you suffer from fomo? | Financial TimesAfter GME, Dogecoin and Bitcoin, Chinese Traders Are Betting What Will Pump Next | CoinDeskWhat is FOMO why people interested in FOMO | BitcoinTalk.org Huge gains from Gamestop and Bitcoin have resulted in an enormous amount of media coverage leaving many people on the sideline wondering how they can get in on a piece of the action. As a result, investing FOMO is likely the highest it has been in years.To examine this idea, let 's conduct a survey to better understand how potential FOMO from these stories will influence real investing behavior.Does FOMO lead to riskier investments? How many people have started or opened a brokerage account as a direct result of these news stories? How late is too late to get in on a trending stock or bitcoin currency? How many investors have purchased stock as a direct result of FOMO?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tech vs. In Person Interaction  Idea Description: It so easy and accessible to use apps/software for certain services (banking, ordering takeout, etc.) and general communication (text, Slack) to avoid interactions that are face-to-face or voice-to-voice. What are the common situations people find themselves in that they strategically avoid so they can do the process online (banking, ordering food, getting to know someone romantically or in a friendly way, buying something, asking something of your boss, etc.) What are common phobias/anxieties do people have about in person social interactions, whether romantic or task-oriented? Are there social interactions that people refuse to give up, even if we have the technology to do them online? What do successful people tend to do more often: rely on tech for communication, or insist on going person-to-person? And in what contexts? It could help to callout specific apps in this too!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employment and Aging  Idea Description: According to BLS, between 2014 and 2024, the number of working Americans aged 65 to 74 is expected to grow 4.5 percent, while those aged 16 to 24 is expected to shrink 1.4 percent. A trend were seeing in fast food chains is senior citizens replacing teenagers. Using BLS data for 2018 and previous years, we can analyze how jobs are shifting for age groups through the years. What industries are 20-somethings gravitating towards? Where are we seeing spikes in employment for aging populations? Using this data we can capture the changes year over year, analyze the fastest growing industries and any trends in employment per age group. We can also add in average wage/salary by age, with year over year looks to add in this financial component as well. How are senior citizens earning compared to other ages? Which age groups are experiencing the highest change in earnings over the years?  <|endoftext|>"
