"Idea Title: Representation on TV  Idea Description: As a spin off Disability and representation on TV, we could execute the idea as a survey. This survey would focus on representation of diversity in race, and gender as well as sexual orientations and disabilities on television. In recent years, there has been a growing awareness about the need for representation in media of everyday people from multiple walks of life. Women, people of color, individuals with disabilities and LGBTQ+ characters in leading roles can be seen somewhat more frequently than before, but is it enough?Lets run a survey to get people perceptions of representation. Do they think there too little? Are some people annoyed by the push for representation? How do these attitudes compare when looking at someone age and gender? We would ask people if any of the shows they watch have anyone of diversity in the show as a prominent character.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Morning Mood  Idea Description: We have all been there, waking up on the wrong side of the bed, unable to shake that negative feeling. The reasons can be many, from depression stress, dealing with a hangover, or the changing seasons. However, if this is a constant in your life and keeps happening to you every single day, then you might need to address your bedtime routine. Is this moodiness actually meaningful in some way? Does it say anything about the quality of your sleep? Or your life?For this campaign, lets explore how different demos wake up in the morning and how this mood affects them the rest of the day. Furthermore, lets see what they usually do to prevent themselves from having bad mornings, and what are the factors that lead them to get up in a good/bad mood? Are you overeating the night before? Is there a specific day you wake up on the wrong foot? Is sex or the lack of affecting your moods?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: College Side Hustles  Idea Description: Which side hustles are people pursuing while they are in College? Do people have part time jobs, or do they only focus on their studies? Who has a job on campus, and who works off campus. How much money do they get from their parents to support them, and is there a difference between students that live on and off campus?Students in grad school, are they paid by their school to pursue their program, and do they work as TAs or teach classes?How many students work in retail or the food industry, and who is trying to pursue opportunities in their desired field after graduation?How many students make money from influencing, how many drive for Uber or Lyft, and who babysits?We can run a survey to find out the side hustles that college students pursue during their time studying, and if there are differences between different majors, gender, grad and undergraduate students.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Making the Move Between Big Cities and Small Towns  Idea Description: Listed as pitching but last comment was August 2019--Is it more challenging to move from a small town to a big city or vice versa?Even prior to COVID, there had been trending stories of millennials migrating away from cities towards areas with more affordable living. Now, this shift has become more apparent than ever.To provide guidance on this topic and to generate useful tips and trends, well conduct a survey of people to determine their experiences and perceptions with moving between living in a city to rural life and vice versa.Which change is more difficult to make? Which move takes longer? What are the benefits of each change such as career opportunities, entertainment, safety, health benefits, cost of living, etc.? What percentage of people have regretted a move to or from a big city? How many moved back? How does it vary between people with children?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Resolving Car Incidents On Your Own  Idea Description: A lot of people have had the gross experience of trying to resolve a small accident between them and the other driver, without involving insurance or calling police, and the transaction backfiring. What are the main reasons why we dont try to go through insurance, and what are some real consequences of that? We go in thinking these transactions are cheaper and more convenient, but they often result in pretty serious consequences, disputes and even legal issues. What types of accidents do people have the worst experiences doing this for? What types of incidents should require a phone call to the police? How many people tried to hand the other cash, or vice versa? How many people have been taken advantage of in this situation? What was their age and gender at the time? Lets use a survey to see just how bad it can get when people try to resolve car incidents on their own.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Workplace Praise by Gender  Idea Description: https://www.fastcompany.com/90594770/hes-like-tony-stark-and-shes-like-my-mom-how-workplace-praise-is-diverges-between-men-and-womenGiven the reports circulating about women leaving the workforce in record numbers, gender-focused content has been particularly timely. Lets survey working men and women about their experiences being praised and offering praise within the workplace to show differences based on gender.Do women feel they receive the same level of praise as their male counterparts? How many people have had someone else take credit for their work? How does praise differ if woman is giving a man praise/man giving woman praise/man giving another man praise/woman giving another woman praise?Do genders provide praise equally, or is one gender more likely to take the time to acknowledge someones work? How does this translate directly to raises and promotions?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How to make your house a home  Idea Description: Moving into a new place is exciting but once all of the boxes are unpacked and rooms filled with your belongings you may feel that the homey feeling is still missing. How many people have felt this and what have they done to make their house a home? Let 's survey Americans about the home purchase process and how long it took for them to make the new place their actual home. How much money did they spend in renovations and new furniture to feel at home? What are the common things that lead to making a home? How many people currently live somewhere they don 't feel like home? How long did it take for those that do feel like this is the case? We can look at this by gender, household size, home type (rental, bought, new construction, old), mortgage payments/rent payments, and length of residence to find that varying trends and create simple tips for your average home dweller.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Virtual Entertainment During COVID  Idea Description: It 's been almost a year since social distancing first entered our regular vocabulary and we all started spending a lot more time at home. With lockdowns and quarantines, our choices for entertainment have become more and more limited. Even now, things like concerts, events, and other social activities are still a ways off. For this campaign, we 'll survey people on the forms of virtual entertainment and events people have participated in throughout the pandemic. We can look at things like virtual concerts, cooking classes, wine tastings, etc. What have people been doing to stay occupied? How do they feel about virtual events generally -- are they even close to as good as in-person events? How much are people willing to pay for virtual events? How does that compare to in-person events? How likely are they to participate in virtual events even after the pandemic is over?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Escapades and Job Stability  Idea Description: Whether youre in a creative field such as art, music, and film that create instability with holding a job, or youre in a career that brings high job stability, the way you approach finances will drastically differ. Your financial IV may be cut off repeatedly and without notice in an unstable position, or a stable position will provide you with a steady stream of money.Let survey 1,000 people across different industries/job titles about their spending/saving habits, how they deal with credit cards, loans, investing, etc., and the biggest risks theyve taken to get themselves to a good point financially. What are the strategies people in unstable careers use to get themselves closer to financial health, and how do these compare with people who experience steady success? What the biggest financial risk both groups have taken, and where did it get them?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: COVID-19 Priorities  Idea Description: This can tie in work from home, but Im curious what most peoples mental checklist consisted of when they were preparing for a potential COVID-19 quarantine.How many people called/e-mailed their employer first for status updates on their jobs vs. calling their families first?When they first learned of coronaviruss spread, how many people first went to the grocery store to stock up on essential goods vs. how many people bought/sold stock in companies that could potentially benefit or be hurt?How many people bought office equipment to prepare for a protracted WFH period?How many peoples first course of action was a trip to their physician or calling in their prescriptions?If we survey 1,000 people among various age demographics this could also be quite revealing about generational priorities when it comes to work/life, especially in the face of a crisis.  <|endoftext|>"
