"Idea Title: Silent Sleeping  Idea Description: Some people really need some sort of noise to go to sleep, be it quieter sounds (ranging from like asmr to ambient noise from fans, etc) or some people need to sleep with the tv on, or sleep listening to music. For people who listen to ambient sounds online, or asmr, what sounds do they believe help them the most? (with asmr especially people usually have tried and true triggers that help them fall asleep easier) If your partner has to sleep with the tv on, but you can 't stand it, How do you compromise? How many fights have you had over it? What are the differences between gender or generation (if we get sample size) or where you live? Are people who live in cities more likely to need some form of noise to sleep (like in My Cousin Vinny?) How does sleep quality differ between which methods people use, vs people who are okay sleeping in total silence?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Business Travel During COVID-19  Idea Description: For a brief while, traveling for work seemed almost back to normal again as states opened up and employees returned to their onsite work spaces. However, with cases surging, how will that change company policy on traveling for work? Using a survey, lets explore employee feelings on traveling for work: for those who have traveled, did they feel it was safe to do so? Had they ever pushed back on that request? And for the rest of the company employees, are they uneasy working alongside coworkers who are flying and driving to work events? Well also survey a group of supervisors and HR employees, to see what kinds of policies companies have put in place regarding work travel, quarantine, and exposure. How many employees traveled for work and did not quarantine afterwards? What types of work travel policies seem fair and appropriate for employees and their sense of safety?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Parenting in the US  Idea Description: We are constantly affected by the things we consume (music, television, movies, etc.) Believe it or not, the things we consume on a daily basis are basically the foundation of who we are. For this project, lets survey parents to determine the most and least strict parenting states in the US. Have various cultures impacted parenting styles? For example, do parents in states with legal marijuana allow their child to smoke earlier compared to states where marijuana has not been legalized? How many parents know their child smokes/drinks yet dont intervene? If so, why dont they intervene? What type of music do your children listen to and are you comfortable with your childs music taste? How many parents are able to changes in their childs behavior because of the music or tv shows the consume? What shows or artists would parents want banned? Lets find out!!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do fantasy sports ruin real sports?  Idea Description: I play fantasy football and it can make watching football challenging. Either Im upset because my players are underperforming - or my opponents are doing well. Or, I find myself rooting for someone playing against my real team (it tests my real life fan allegiance, in other words).Lets survey 1,000 fantasy football players to find out how many agree with or have done the following?-how many feel fantasy enhances or diminishes their enjoyment of watching the sport?-how many have rooted for someone playing against their favorite team IRL?-how many have rooted against someone on their IRL team because they were on their fantasy opponents roster?-how many would rather win their fantasy league than have their IRL team win the championship?-how much money would people pay for their IRL team to win a championship? whats a fantasy championship worth to them?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Are You Willing to Share?  Idea Description: Even back when I was in college (a decade ago, holy shit) you had to be careful about what you put on social media. Nowadays, its even riskier and the things you can get in trouble for are seemingly endless. For this campaign, well explore the habits, behaviors, thoughts, and beliefs that college students are willing and unwilling to share on social media?Which behaviors are the most taboo? Which ones are worse than others? Which topics are students willing to opine about on social, and which do they shy away from? What consequences are people afraid of specifically, and in which general areas (ex: social consequences, career harm, illegality) so those consequences fall? How much fear/uncertainty/concern do they have about their social media coming back to bite them in the ass?How do these perceptions/behaviors vary by gender, political beliefs, and other demos?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When Is It Time?  Idea Description: There 's a lot of vulnerability involved in taking prescription drugs, which leaves many people fearful of the risks involved in taking those medications. Let 's see how many people who 've been diagnosed with an illness or disability (depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, ADD/ADHD, etc.) actually take medication to control it. What inspires people to accept help from a prescribed medication? How long did they wait to seek out help from a doctor and how long did they wait to start taking medication after a doctor 's initial advisement? Of those who did take a medication, how many experiences were positive and how many were negative'Aihow so? Are they self-medicating in certain ways and, if so, what are the most common methods? Essentially, let 's see how people define the line between struggle and disability (sad vs depression, short attention span vs ADD/ADHD, etc.).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Work-From-Home Wardrobe  Idea Description: Lets survey 1,000 employees and about their idea of a work wardrobe has changed. Since the began pandemic, what do you typically wear to work? Are people still wearing smart/business causal outfits for their remote meetings or are they opting for a more casual style? What percentage of people have worked in the pajamas in or in the bluff? How much money have people spent on work clothes since the pandemics onset? How often are employees repeating outfits during this time? Which outfits lead to less stressed and more productive employees? What percentage believe its time to change the typical work dress code? How many believe they should be able to wear whatever they want to work? How many intend on finding a more lax workplace after getting a taste of working in comfortable clothes? Lets breakdown results by gender, age, (broad) industry, employment type and level.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Banking on Biopics  Idea Description: Musical biopics have a long history in the movie industry. From hit films like Selena and Straight Outta Compton, looking at the life of rap group N.W.A., Hollywood has retold stories of the worlds most infamous artists for years. Are these film adaptations simply rolling in the cash for Hollywood giants, or are we banking on these movies to keep musical genres alive? After Bohemian Rhapsody hit the box office, ticket sales and streaming for Queen skyrocketed. During a time of hits like this and Rocketman, musical biopics are just getting started. Lets survey people on their perceptions on musical biopics, how they influence their music taste, and exactly how they play a role in society. We can come up with a list of popular musical biopics in the last 10 (or so) years to survey opinions. We can even break this down by generations to show how perceptions have shifted.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Inside ASMR  Idea Description: Re-pitch: In 2017, we produced a project that explored the most popular ASMR YouTube channels as well as perceptions of the rising trend via a survey. For some reason, the piece never entered promotions. Lets repurpose that methodology given ASMRs surge in popularity. First, we can gauge Americas interest in ASMR over time with Google Trends. Next, well pull metrics from YouTube to find the most popular ASMR channels, videos, and categories. Are whispering videos more popular than tapping noises? From here, lets supplement with a survey to find how many Americans use ASMR to help them achieve a blissful sleep. How often are people watching these videos? Which music genres and artists are people listening to? What about podcasts and/or comforting tv shows (the office, parks and rec, etc.)? Is the younger generation more likely to hop on this trend? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Driving Less, Saving More  Idea Description: With a record-high number of Americans working remotely, how is that impacting car finances? - Are people saving $$$ by not commuting each day to work? This would be a valuable number to quantify (Americans are Saving $x/Week by Working Remotely) - Are people contacting insurances to strike a deal (https://www.wsj.com/articles/car-insurer-american-family-gives-200-million-in-coronavirus-refunds-as-accidents-decline-11586175602)? - Are people prioritizing their car payments or do other bills take precedence? - (a stretch, but on-brand for Leith) Are people trading in their vehicles for cheaper alternatives (cheaper model, consolidating to 1 vehicle, opting for public transit, etc)? I'm hoping to lean this one towards finance and consumer rather than auto/brand/business news in hopes that a handful of these findings are strong enough to make a headline.  <|endoftext|>"
