"Idea Title: Binge watching VS Live TV  Idea Description: IF you wanted to binge watch GOT before the final season comes out, it would take you roughly 63 and a half hours according to binge calculator (thats 2 days, 15 hrs and 30 mins.) How many people have watched GOT live vs just binged the whole thing, or binged it in parts? We could also make this project about binge watching in general and the feelings surrounding it. How many tv shows have people binge watched from start to finish on avg, and how many seasons were in that series? If we have the series names we can find the avg ep lengths and find out how many hours of the avg persons life they have devoted to binge-watching, vs how many people just watch live every week. How many people would rather watch GOT after than watch it live? Are GOT fans more hardcore in their binge watching than fans of other shows? (as in watching the whole series through multiple times?)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Honest NFL Ratings  Idea Description: Because of the New York market, Giants games historically draw big ratings. But in week one of this year, two small market teams New Orleans and Tampa Bay, hit the highest single game rating for FOX in 4 years. (Drew Brees vs. Tom Brady was a big reason why.)Which teams historically outpunch their market when it comes to ratings? On a per capita basis, who performs the best? Does winning matter when it comes to ratings? The Cowboys are billed as America 's team but what do the ratings say? What is the marquee matchup of the last few seasons according to data? What is the top division?Sports Media has a ratings glossary of NFL games going back to 2014. This also includes select local market ratings. Let 's analyze the ratings from the last three seasons to find the answers. The per capita component can be crossed with census data for city populations.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Paying for Sleep  Idea Description: Its been well-documented that Americans are chronically suffering from a certain level of sleep deprivation. I personally feel like this has played a role in the trendiness of wellness/self-care practices. Part of that is investing in ways to help us sleep. Were buying new mattresses that can measure our sleep patterns. Were tracking our sleep with Fitbits and other devices. Were taking special supplements and teas for the possibility of more zzzs. Were diffusing essential oils or burning candles to calm our minds before bed. Were buying fancy sheets that keep us cool or weighted blankets to ease our anxiety. This leads me to wonder: How much money are people spending in an effort to sleep better? For this campaign, wed look to answer that question by asking people about the things theyve bought/spent money on with the goal of getting a better nights sleep.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dietary Planning for Ordering In/Take-Out  Idea Description: Americans spend more than 6% of their annual income on food every year. How does our weight and the amount of times we workout throughout the week correlate to how much we order in (take-out, delivery) instead of cooking at home? How many are spending more on food away from home than on groceries? Is food their largest expense? How often do these households throw away leftover delivery/take-out? How many have no food at their household except for the staples (water, egg, cheese, bread)? 90% of Americans dont like to cook and it is costing us thousands each year. What is the average cost of delivery per household? How many pay with cash vs card vs apps? People are more aware of their spending with cash because it is tangible, but are people cash spending less? What are the top cuisines people order delivery and take out from? Does this vary by demographic, state?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Duck & Cover  Idea Description: When I sit in a resturant, I watch the door and am aware that anyone could come in and shoot the place up. Mass shootings are apart of American lives. Guns, too. I want to know how often Americans think about mass shootings, about getting shot, especially when they are in public places. How big of an issue do Americans think mass/ and general shootings are compared to other issues such as the border crisis, North Korean nuke power, Russian election tampering, etc.. What race and gender do they imagine the shooter as? What would they do if they experienced a shooter? If Americans carry any defensive measures with them in case of a mass shooting. We can use the survey data and compare it to the frequency of places (https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2012/12/mass-shootings-mother-jones-full-data/) that mass shootings happen, and compare peoples fears with realities.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dealing With Fear of Job Loss  Idea Description: Our jobs are much more than just the way we make a living. They influence how we see ourselves, as well as the way others see us. They give us structure, purpose, and meaning. It allows us to invest in the future and build a life with those we love. Most importantly, it gives us peace of mind knowing we will receive a payment at the end of the week/month. So, what happens when that feeling suddenly disappears? Is that fear real or just in your head? Lately, because of COVID-19 this has become a reality for many of us. But lets not make this about the pandemic. For this campaign, lets survey people on how they are dealing with the fear of job loss.Do you have a plan B in case you lose your job? Are you taking action about your insecurities? Do you have a safety net to fall into? Do you have your resume/LinkedIn updated just in case? Are you constantly looking?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Losing Your Franchise Player  Idea Description: Update: Since I originally pitched this, I think weve had a lot more success getting specific teams so I think we could give this a shot.---One of the biggest sports news story of the year has been Tom Bradys separation from the Patriots. Brady spent nearly 20 years as the face of the franchise. So what happens when a teams franchise player leaves?Using a survey, well pose this question for other franchise players like Drew Brees of the Saints, Russell Wilson of the Seahawks, or Aaron Rodgers of the Packers.How supportive are they of their new team? Will they watch more of that players games? Would they attend a game in person? If their home team and the franchise players new team met head-to-head, who would they rather win? Do fans support the player replacing their franchise player? Where would other teams want their franchise player to end up?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Post-Vaccine/Pandemic Cutbacks  Idea Description: Peloton 's stock price fell notably when Pfizer released their update about the vaccine, and many other stocks did as well, due to the expectation that demand will fall for stuff like that as stuff potentially starts to gets back to normal. So let 's explore that topic.For this campaign, we 'll ask people about how they expect their spending habits to change post-pandemic. Are there pandemic services that they 'll stop paying for, pandemic purchases that they 'll resell (ex: exercise bike), and post-pandemic spending that they 'll need to re-budget for (ex: restaurant spending). How much do people expect their spending to increase or decrease post-pandemic?Is it a guarantee that things will go back to normal soon? Of course not, but plenty of people (and the market) see the vaccine as a sign that it will. Maybe we can add a will it get back to normal angle  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Future of Social Media is Not Free  Idea Description: People generally agree that for all its benefits, social media has many downsides. Trolls abound, misinformation is rampant, and the companies behind some of the most popular platforms are collecting unfathomable amounts of information on their users and selling it to pretty much everyone.In the future, we could imagine a social media platform that trades in data trafficking for a monthly or annual subscription fee. Theoretically, this would solve some issues surrounding anonymity and trolling as well, since the people there are paying to be there. This campaign will use results from a survey of Americans asking what theyd want from their ideal social media to dream up a paid service that would have all the features they like. We can ask questions about why people use social media, how much theyd be willing to pay, whats wrong with current platforms, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Handling Headline Stress  Idea Description: In 2016, the alcohol delivery service drizly.com experienced a record setting night for sales. On election night, their orders were 86% higher than the average weekday nights. Have other current events, especially political ones, increased Americans desire to drink and calm their nerves? How are we responding to headline stress disorder?Using Drizly.com data, which is open to the press if you get an approved account (requested access, so we 'll see!), we can see if peak order days/times correspond with major political or current events of the past year or so. If it peaked on 2016 election night, did it come close at the midterms? Did order rates soar around the time of the Kavanaugh hearings or other major news days? What happened on the highest order weekdays? If so, what were americans drinking - beer, wine, liquor?? What was the average # items per order??  <|endoftext|>"
