"Idea Title: Swarm Surveys, Zipfs Law and Gambling  Idea Description: Science has observed some very interesting principles. For instance Zipf 's law. Zipf 's law (/ z__f /, not / ts__pf / as in German) is an empirical law formulated using mathematical statistics that refers to the fact that for many types of data studied in the physical and social sciences, the rank-frequency distribution is an inverse relation. -wikiZipf 's Law uses the Pareto principle and Zipf law: a word counting study Posted on October 19, 2017 by vborgo The Pareto principle, also known as the 80-20 rule, states that in any situation 20 percent of the inputs are responsible for the 80 percent of the outputs and has been called the most enigmatic laws of Swarm betting too has taken off which uses a similar AI assisted approach. Let 's explore how both work and why they work by making a series of our own predictions and seeing if they come true.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do Sexual Health Laws Affect STD Rates?  Idea Description: When it comes to sexual health, the hopes of legally mandated resources and education are to reduce the amount of cases annually. However, not all states in the US have the same mindsethttps://www.guttmacher.org/state-policy/explore/sex-and-hiv-education --> This link shows how many states do and dont legally mandate sexual education in public schools. The CDC released the most recent dataset of STD rates across America https://www.cdc.gov/std/stats18/tables.htm Lets compare how state legislature affects STD rates. How many more cases of the STDs recorded by the CDC do states without sex ed report compared to those where its required? What about comparing the states where its required, but doesnt have to be medically accurate? Which regions of the US have the highest concentrations of medically accurate sex ed classes required in public schools?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Athlete Literacy on Twitter  Idea Description: I was reading an article on Business Insider on the most controversial things athletes have said on Twitter. Yes, the tweets were controversial and ignorant, but can we talk for a second about how long it took me to decipher each one?! Spelling can 't with a k, misspelling other words, ignoring basic rules of grammar and syntax -- it 's a wonder people could understand the tweets enough to get mad about them! For this campaign, let 's scrape the Twitter accounts of professional athletes (we can narrow it down to a particular sport that 's relevant/timely), and analyze them based on grammar, spelling, and readability to come up with a literacy score for each athlete. We can then compare the players and teams as a whole. To add more depth, we can also look at where the athletes went to college, how many years they completed, if they graduated with a degree, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Prescriptions  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets explore the perceptions people have about different types of medication and how that could impact their health.Do people have negative perceptions of different medication categories, like anti-anxiety meds or prescriptions for ADHD? How many Americans have had a doctor recommend they take a certain medication only to refuse to do so? What medications do Americans not want anything to do with (e.g., opiates)? Among parents, are there things they absolutely do not want their kids taking? For example, when I got my wisdom teeth removed in high school and was given an oxycodone prescription for pain, my dad would not let me use it because of what he was seeing in the news about the opioids use.We can look at these perceptions across gender and generation to get a more nuanced picture of how people view different types of medications.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Alcohol or Weed?  Idea Description: We all have our preferences towards either alcohol or weed, and when you ask us why we prefer either one, we typically have an answer readily available. And even if you like both of them equally, there are certainly situations/contexts/activities where either weed or alcohol are more fitting or provide much different experiences. Let survey 1,000 people about whether they prefer alcohol or weed, why they dont prefer one of them, the top perks of them in terms of anxiety and socializing, which social situations they choose either one in, situations where either drinking or smoking (or both at the same time) turn into a not-too-great experience (i.e. smoking at a club when all of your friends are drunk), etc. We would also look at which personality types and professions prefer either drugs or alcohol, and how they differ in their usage habits of both of them.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Social Media Use on Campus During a Pandemic  Idea Description: Social media has been a weird place since the onset of COVID and all the crazy stuff thats happened this year. I feel for college students, it has to be a particularly weird time to be online. For this campaign, lets survey college students about their experiences on social media during this wild year.How many college students have been spending less/more time on social media? How has it impacted their mental health? Have they changed what they share online, and if so, how? How worried have they been about posting about flouting COVID rules -- not social distancing, not wearing masks, meeting up in large groups, attending parties, etc.? How many have received criticism or negative consequences from doing this stuff (there were, I think, reports early on in the pandemic that colleges were using social media to discipline students not following COVID rules)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dream Matchups in Sports  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets explore what peoples dream matchups in sports are. Lets first do a preliminary survey where people will choose the matchups they most want to see in different leagues. We would focus on the NFL, NBA, MLB, UFC, and it would be interesting to choose soccer as well (perhaps generically because there are so many leagues). Then, based on peoples selections, we would survey them again to ask which team they think would win the matchup? Who do they pick as the MVP? Why would they pick X team to win? Better overall team? Better defensive players? Better coach? Winning record? Les find out.Do people think the 96/97 Chicago Bulls were better than the 2015/2016 Golden State Warriors?Will fans choose a dream NBA finals between LeBron and Kobe?Do fans want to see a matchup against Joe Montanas 49ers and Bradys Buccaneers/Patriots?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Productivity Working From Home With Kids Around  Idea Description: How productive are you when working from home? How much more/less productive you feel working from home with your children around? This is a reality for lots of people recently, and it looks like this will be our lives for some time. So, how can people make the best of it to keep every critical aspect in their life flowing without neglecting your job? Do you get up earlier to take advantage of when children sleep? Or do you stay up later to concentrate on work when they go to bed? When are you feeling most productive? How long are you taking to complete tasks as opposed to when you worked in the office? How tired do you feel lately compared to months ago? Do you worry about your childrens learning, or do you leave them watching TV, and playing with their tablet, and video games all day? Whos taking charge of all of this? Your partner or you? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Virtual Career Fairs  Idea Description: When I was in college, something very important to me was the preparation I got from the career development center and the experiences and contacts that I was able to make in the career fairs I went to. Due to COVID, career fairs have switched to virtual, and I wonder if they are still valuable to students. Also, for those who attend these virtual events, how prepared do they feel based on the preparation they get at their career centers? What percentage feel these virtual fairs will help them land the position they are looking for? What percentage of students have managed to get an interview/internship/job thanks to one of these virtual sessions? How much more or less effective are students finding virtual career fairs compared to in-person career fairs? What percentage of students find it distracting to talk to recruiters virtually compared to in-person?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gym vs Home Workouts  Idea Description: For this campaign, well compare results/satisfaction with home gym workouts vs gym workouts. With so many people having switched to non-gym workouts, how is it panning out for them? What are their plans for the future? Right now, it kinda feels like maybe things will get way better or way worse with COVID, so the timing here fits either way.Well explore this data in two ways: 1- Asking people who switched about their satisfaction, experiences, results, etc.. and 2- Comparing satisfaction/experience/results between people who work out from home vs those who work out in a gym.What percentage of home exercises are having better or worse workouts? What percentage plan on going back to the gym and how many plan on working out at home forever? How many people tried working out at home and gave up? What are the downsides and upsides to home and gym workouts?  <|endoftext|>"
