"Idea Title: Energy Management > Time Management  Idea Description: When your energy is high, you feel on top of the world, but when its low you feel scattered and perhaps even burnt out. In this campaign, lets survey 1,000 employed people about their energy and time management strategies to determine the most effective method for productivity. What percentage of employees have an energy-management system? What does this look like? It may include minimizing task switching, setting healthy boundaries, detoxing from social media, blocking time during your peak (or high-energy) hours, etc. Next, well identify how our respondents manage their time and compare strategies. Overall, who is more productive? Does upping our number of working hours actually help when workload increases? Does harnessing moments of pure focus lead to better results? Is managing energy leading to employees getting more done in less time? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Todays Athletes: Who will be relevant in 20 years?  Idea Description: Some of the worlds best athletes enjoy post-retirement fame and fortune as cultural icons or entertainers. Lots of these celebrities were top-of-class athletes, but there are hundreds of other GOAT athletes who did not maintain notoriety after they ended their playing careers.Well survey sports fans to ask them which of the current top athletes they think will be relevant cultural figures in 20 years. Who will fade into the background after retirement, and who will be hosting SNL?An optional twist for this campaign: Look at career stats for former athletes who are currently still popular celebrities and attempt to find interesting correlations between specific stats and their post-retirement careers. We can then look for current athletes who display similar statistical patterns and make predictions about who will go on to rich post-retirement careers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Children Are the Future  Idea Description: Going off a topic the client said they wanted to explore, maximize saving for child care (or a broader discussion on savings across all ages like what you should be saving for in your 20s, 30s, 40s, and 50s), let explore how parents-to-be and current parents have prepared financially to set their children up for a bright future, and if there are any regrets they have about processes they wish they had done earlier. How many parents have pre-paid for college for their kids? How many actively moved homes so their children could go to a better school? For parents who cant afford to set their kids up as best as other parents can, what are they doing instead (instilling values about saving money, living frugally, etc.)? What regrets do parents now have after their kids are out of school? How do millennial parents set up (or not) their kids financially?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gaming and Sleep  Idea Description: Coming off of the success of previous Legend Corp campaigns, let 's dive into the gaming and esports world for Amerisleep. Streaming (Twitch/Fortnite) and esports tournaments and blowing up right now. The International (Dota 2) is coming up soon. Just how does gaming impact sleep, and how much sleep are gamers sacrificing for more gameplay? Does video game time impact sleep quality for different demographics? Recent research shows video game playing slightly reduced sleep quality. The amount of time that children spend playing a computer game is also significant. ... Prolonged gaming reduced total sleep time by nearly half an hour and increased sleep latency and sleep efficiency. But i think we can expand on this. I\d like to dive into the specific games and platforms people are using obsessively and rank them based on sleep loss or other metrics.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Opinions based on Bumper Stickers  Idea Description: People have a variety of ways to express themselves, and one of the most public ways they can do this is through their car. Aside from the physical design of the car, there are all sorts of ways that people can represent their personality on their car. This study asks what other people think of the way people decorate their car, what stereotypes they have of certain ways people decorate their car, and if it effects the way they drive around that car. What stereotypes surround someone that puts eyelashes on their headlights, coexist bumper stickers, or American flags flying off the back of their cars? Are people actually more likely to drive more carefully around a car that has a baby on board sticker? Do people with similar tastes in sports teams or other niche interests get excited to see another car with a bumper sticker of the thing they are interested in?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Music Turn-ons  Idea Description: Music and sex are a popular combination, as exhibited by the term baby-making music. So what tunes are considered modern turn-ons for today 's crowd, and how does that differ by musical genre, generation and gender? Married versus single individuals could also have wildly different selections. Using a survey, let 's look at people 's musical choices and create fun subrankings for different sexual moments, from foreplay to during sex, as well as the musical genres that turn people on the most. We 'll also have respondents write-in their favorite songs or bands to get even more granular data about the songs that turn us on the most, and relate that back to frequency of sex, sexual satisfaction and quality of sex. We could ask respondents if they 've ever shared playlists with someone in order to flirt, as well as what musical tastes they find attractive.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Would You Still Follow Your Team?  Idea Description: Changing ownership and many other factors can lead to a team relocating entirely from their original location (i.e. The Lakers). We could show a timeline of the past instances and why they happened, and then survey fans about whether they\d still consider their team theirs if they moved. We\d assume they\d keep their name, the same roster, same head coach. The only thing that\d change would be their hometown. Would fans rather continue following their previous team or start a whole new fanbase for a new team located in their hometowns? What would be the dealbreaker for not staying a fan? Firing their best player? Hiring a new head coach? Changing the team name? What would be the one city fans would absolutely refuse to support in any way?Could also break this down by sport type (football, basketball, etc) and by the top teams within each sport.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: (Gender) Identity and Gaming  Idea Description: Researching for this ideation, I found a couple of articles describing how gaming and cosplay are channels for some queer icons to switch between characters and identities or just to be themselves in peace (https://www.theguardian.com/games/2019/jan/17/drag-queens-gaming-twitch-cosplay)And: AOC just helped a gamer fundraise money and raising awareness for transgender rights. https://www.dailydot.com/layer8/hbomberguy-twitch-transgender-alexandria-ocasio-cortez/Inspired by that and the discussion about online harassment and bullying, but also privacy issues, this campaign examines what gamers like about taking on the various characters and switching into a different reality. What are the top invented facts they tell other players? Who has presented themselves as a different gender to escape bullying? How much do they share about their real lives?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: MABG: Financially Surviving COVID-19  Idea Description: Financial hardships are spanning across generations due to COVID-19. From retirement to stimulus checks, lets look at how family members are helping each other during the pandemic. We can survey 1,000 people who are financially supporting (or plan to support) someone in their family -- nieces, nephews, siblings, parents, grandparents, etc.- What are they doing to financially support a family member (take on an extra remote job, share a stimulus check, dip into retirement savings) - How are baby boomers thinking ahead during the pandemic? Did they have a dependent or sibling take on expenses such as groceries, car payment, insurance, phone bill/wifi)- How are family members covering the costs of caregiving? Have you gotten laid off and are still trying to find the funds to cover a nursing home/assisted living? If so who and how much has contributed?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Keeping Your Brain Young  Idea Description: Your brain begins to structurally deteriorate as you grow old. Considering this is something almost everyone will experience, to some extent, what are the most common habits for keeping your brain young? For this project, let 's survey Gen Xers and Baby Boomers to find out the measures they\re taking to maintain a healthy noggin. Potential questions will include: How often do you exercise? How much time do you spend reading a day? Are you active in any social club? Please describe your diet. Do you try mental gymnastics such as crossword puzzles? The three main points of focus here will be mental stimulation, physical exercise, and diet. We can cross habits by life satisfaction measures to draw interesting comparisons. Let 's break down results by different demographics to see who 's aware of the deterioration and the methods they employ to prevent it.  <|endoftext|>"
