"Idea Title: Career Off-Course  Idea Description: How has COVID-19 impacted peoples career trajectories? Perhaps you entered 2020 with ambitious goals of making a career change, earning a promotion, or receiving a raise until COVID brought all these ideas to a startling halt. Or perhaps your career was already struggling and COVID has worsened your position.To explore the long-lasting impacts of the pandemic on career trajectories, well conduct a survey of 1,000 professionals to explore the experiences and perceptions.What were your 2020 career goals before and after the onset of COVID-19? How long do you believe it will be until your next raise, promotion, or employment change? What percentage believe they are still on track for 2020 career goals? For those who believe their career trajectory is still on course, how are they achieving this and what advice do they have for other professionals?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: State of Mental Health  Idea Description: Using the BRFSS data, lets look at the state of mental health across different generations, states, and genders. Questions to look at specifically from the data include: Now thinking about your mental health, which includes stress, depression, and problems with emotions, for how many days during the past 30 days was your mental health not good? During the past 30 days, for about how many days did poor physical or mental health keep you from doing your usual activities, such as self-care, work, or recreation? Because of a physical, mental, or emotional condition, do you have serious difficulty concentrating, remembering, or making decisions? Because of a physical, mental, or emotional condition, do you have difficulty doing errands alone such as visiting a doctor__s office or shopping? 3 level not good mental health status: 0 days, 1-13 days, 14-30 days+  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What I Would Give For a Good Nights Sleep  Idea Description: Its pretty much a given these days that a majority of us are walking around in varying states of sleep deprivation. We know we need at least 7 hours a night, but we also need to answer all our emails, finish that big presentation for the boss, take the kids to soccer practice, and make a healthy, organic, and homemade for our families. That goal of 7-9 hours can feel pretty unattainable a lot of the time. Were strung out, and there are plenty of people who would give up a lot for a good nights sleep (or 10!). For this campaign, lets ask people what things theyd be willing to give up to get a good nights sleep or adequate sleep for an extended period of time. We can create a spectrum for our hypothetical situations from realistic (i.e. giving up participating in every office potluck) to the slightly more absurd (i.e. giving up coffee for a month).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is Work Life Balance a Myth?  Idea Description: Striking the perfect balance between work, family, self-care, etc is not easy, but a lot of us are still trying to make it happen. Are we chasing after something that 's just not possible?Let 's ask American workers if they think work-life balance is truly attainable in their own lives. Why or why not? What have they done to make it happen? Do they feel forced to prioritize things? Do they feel they\re getting behind at work? How do these beliefs about work life balance differ between men and women, or between people of different socioeconomic groups? Is balance only for men, wealthy people? Or is a life with less money/responsibility the key to simplicity? I feel like the gender breakdowns here would be most telling. Are women leaning out in order to find the balance they crave? Is it worth it to give up equality in exchange for balance?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Location-Sharing  Idea Description: I think it could be interesting to see peoples patterns and behaviors when it comes to location sharing. When I was younger, my mom had asked if I would install a location tracking app on my phone. My dad installed it and my brother and I wouldnt do it. I just didnt like the idea of her getting notifications all the time. I always opted to send texts, call, give updates, etc. For some reason though, I didnt mind leaving my SnapChat location on for my mom. It seemed less creepy (??) Since there seems to be a lot of coverage and talk about how younger children are having issues with their parents posting pictures of them without consent, I think this could be interesting too. For example, location-sharing was decently new when it was mentioned to me, so I wasnt as comfortable with it. Id imagine younger kids now see it as more common place.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bad Driving Habits  Idea Description: What bad driving habits do you not tolerate from other people? On the other hand, how many have you done? For this campaign, lets explore peoples most unpleasant driving habits from the POV of drivers and passengers.What makes people mad the most when driving? People not using turn signal? People driving slow on the left lane? People who dont know what to do on a four-way stop? Texting and driving? People accelerating through yellow lights? People merging improperly?Have they been in an accident because of bad driving habits? If so, what were they doing? Where they the driver or passenger?Furthermore, how do different demos react in front of these bad driving habits? Do people prefer having a man/woman driving when they get to be the passenger? Whos getting more stressed, driver or passenger? Who has the worst driving habits? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Proposals  Idea Description: Lets survey 1,000 people whove proposed/been proposed to. We could explore the following topics:1. Where did the proposal take place? (Restaurant, beach, at home, etc)2. How long were they dating prior?3. How many times did they propose / how many times have they been proposed to?4. On a scale from 1-10, how satisfied were they with the ring?5. ^^^ If 5 or below: Why were they not satisfied (didnt like the shape, disappointed with the size, etc)?6. On a scale from 1-10, how satisfied were they with the proposal?7. ^^^ If 5 or below: Why were they not satisfied (didnt like the venue, not impressed by speech, weather ruined it, etc)? 8. How long did they wait before sharing the news with family/friends?9. Are they still together? 10. How much did they spend for the ring?11. How much did they spend to put the proposal together?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Personal Items We Wont Leave Home Without  Idea Description: What are the top personal items people bring with them when going away for the weekend and staying at a hotel? How does this vary by length of the stay, reason for traveling, and type of hotel (i.e. hotel, hostel)? Lets ask 1,000 UK travelers what personal items they bring on their trips and break this down by the length of trip, gender, reason for traveling (i.e. business trip, leisure), type of hotel they will be staying in, etc. How many people always bring their personal pillow when traveling? When traveling for a business trip, do women have to bring their own shampoo and conditioner as opposed to opting for the hotel toiletries? If traveling for business, does a trip that extends longer than 3 days make people pack their own towels? What about a turbie twist? How many people pack a personal steamer for their clothes? Lets find out!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Long Since Youve Worn Socks?  Idea Description: It takes a pandemic to teach the world that socks are not the default state of things. I go outside way less often than ever, and when I do, Im not headed to work and therefore am not compelled to wear socks.Socks are only one such society-facing ornament that may have diminished in importance in the last few months. Make-up, fancy clothes, your nice car, your new bike, your surfboard. Lets conduct a survey in the vein of the Clients idea to revamp Chronic Outfit repeaters, but with a twist to the way we quantify.How long has it been since youve worn socks? How many days in a week do you wear socks? How many days did you wear them before?How long has it been since youve worn make-up? How many days in a week do you wear make-up? How many days did you wear it before?Whens the last time you drove? How often per week? How often before?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Money Memory  Idea Description: Presidents and statesmen dominate both our paper and coin currency, but how many people can accurately recognize these historical figures? For this survey-based execution lets present respondents with images of U.S. currencies'Aicommon and uncommon forms ($1 coin w/ Sacagawea, for example)'Aiand have them write-in their best guess. What percentage of Americans have no idea that Ulysses S. Grant is on the $50? How many Gen Zers can identify Jefferson on the nickel? Who are these figures most mistaken for? Additionally, we can include a component around the perceptions of changing the faces of U.S. currency. How many people support Harriet Tubman on the $20? What percentage of people think its time to replace Grant? With who? Should Obama be the face of the new $100? **would need a prelim survey to test**pitched to crediful but not selected.  <|endoftext|>"
