"Idea Title: Emoji Threats  Idea Description: In 2016, a 12 year old girl was charged with threatening her school after she posted message meet me in the library Tuesday followed by a gun, knife, and bomb emoji. A judge in Michigan was even faced with figuring out the meaning of various emojis to figure out level of threat. Because emoji 's are new communication tools popular among all, which do we find credibly threatening if messaged by a stranger or posted publicly? Do Americans in general feel that these posted picto-messages on social media accounts should be a red flag? Would they constitute a cyber-threat to a child? Let 's survey 1,000 people about the level of threat of these emoji 's. We 'll look into the ones that are definitively threatening (weapons) as well as some of the facial expressions some courts have examined as potentially threatening, and ask the public their sentiment.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Targets for Ransomware  Idea Description: Hundreds of mayors from across the country [met up recently](https://www.cnet.com/news/us-mayors-adopt-resolution-to-not-pay-hackers-over-ransomware-attacks/) to sign a resolution where they commit to not pay the ransoms for ransomware attacks. The fact that they did this really shows how much of a problem these attacks have become. For this campaign, lets analyze ransomware attacks from the past five years. Yes, this would require a CSA to do a bit of research to find every ransomware case, but its doable in my opinion. Wed find the city that was attacked, the date, and the amount of money that the city was extorted for. To expand upon that, I think it would be interesting to see *what type* of city is being targeted. Like, are the cities affluent? Or are the cities less well off? What are the typical population sizes? Is there a pattern?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Class of 2020 Perspective  Idea Description: For the class of 2020 most of them wont get to graduate in person, so how do they think the pandemic is going to affect their job prospects, or their financial situations? How long do they think it will take for them to find a job after all this is over, especially since people are predicting a prolonged recession, or even a depression? How many of them are going to have to support themselves after graduation, and do they have enough money to cover basic bills in the months after graduating if they cant find a job? Do they expect to apply to jobs that are remote, and will stay remote when all of this is over? How has the pandemic derailed/altered their postgrad plans when it comes to job hunting? Are they not going to start looking until the pandemic has run its course, or are they going to apply for remote work and hope for the best?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Predictions for the Year 2020: What Did They Expect?  Idea Description: There are plenty of neat examples of what people expected to change and be invented decades or centuries in advance, and the especially interesting ones were often half right and half wrong - one illustrated prediction I saw featured 21st century ladies in Victorian dress sitting around the parlor essentially facetiming with people via their makeup mirrors.Lets survey people over 60 and get a sense of what they did and didnt see coming on two fronts - technology and society.Well ask about whether they expected certain changes that did come to pass, and other changes that did not. Did more people anticipate having portable phones and computers or flying cars by 2020? Did more people expect to spend half their time online or half their time in space? Are they happier with the way it panned out, or would they have preferred their predictions?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Delays in Financial Literacy  Idea Description: Why does it take some so long to be financially literate or vigilant, compared to others? How much does a delay in financial smarts delay your financial stability and even success? For this campaign, we will survey a general population of Americans to understand the average age in which someone becomes financially literate, what literacy means, how they learned to take care of their finances, including unfortunate occurrences like realizing you have a credit score and the burden of debt. For those who are early learners versus late learners, we 'll compare the number of years in which both groups achieved financial stability, even success and see if a delay in learning about personal finance delays your overall ability to earn, climb at work ... On a hopeful note, we 'll find the late bloomers and see what they did to speed up their financial edge.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Millennial Hor or Not  Idea Description: Millennial Hot or Not: Lets keep riding the Millennial newsworthy train while we can! I want to know the top things people in this generation look for in a mate (income, family, future goals, pets, looks, reputation, etc) and how do THEY think these priorities differ from their parents/grandparents priorities. Rather than doing the traditional survey style of comparing generations against each other, I want to see Millennials turn the microscope on themselves. Why does online dating work? What do you like about it? What do you hate about it? How has modern communication changed the dating landscape? Were things easier or harder for your parents? How important is family? Having kids? Which one of your goals compromised... career? kids? location to live? Well also take info from several different sexual orientations to see if theres a difference.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Valuing Gifts  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore how value gifts. What matters the most, and to whom? Who prefers giving and receiving gifts that fulfill various criteria? Well compare aspects such as: raw cost, functionality, effort, personalization, thoughtfulness, novelty, and more that I probably cant think of.Whats the perfect gift? Is it thoughtful and expensive? Novel and useful? A thoughtful labor of love that took a lot of effort?Who prefers what? Does your grandma want something personal, your girlfriend something thoughtful, and your brother something functional? How many people prefer the highest priced or most useful gift over something more thoughtful? How do these various criteria compare to financial value at various levels (ex: novelty is great, unless the gift is over $X)How do these preferences compare to what people actually buy.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dating While Driving  Idea Description: Your car can say a lot about you - and it can be another factor by which to appraise your suitors. Lets survey singles about their car-related preferences and pet peeves. How many people say theyre attracted to people who drive certain cars, like jeeps, pickups, sports cars, motorcycles, or hybrids? On the other hand, is anyone completely turned off by Priuses, lifted trucks, or minivans? What about a chipped paint job, missing hubcaps, broken radios, or a mismatched door? Are these dealbreakers or no big deal? We could also investigate driving style turnoffs - how many people would think twice about a date who texts while driving, drives too fast or slow, drinks and drives, or gets road-ragey? What about a date who has no car at all and only rides a bus/bike/motorcycle? We can look at this by gender, generation, and maybe current car type.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tech Device Hacking  Idea Description: Although home security cameras are growing in popularity, we sometimes forget the measures we take to protect ourselves can be used against us. Lets survey 1,000 people about their worries on tech device hacking and if they are aware of any preventive measures. Questions we can ask respondents: - What tech device are you most afraid will get hacked?- What tech device are you least afraid will get hacked?- Are you an Amazon Echo user or Google Home user?- Which do you think is more likely to get hacked?- Are you a home security system user? - Does your home security system have a camera?- Do you think you have been spied on with your home security camera?- Do you know what steps to take if your tech devices get hacked?We can further discuss which devices might be the best to ask about (vibrators ,juuls, AirPods etc.)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Diversifying Your Income (joblist)  Idea Description: Many Americans have more than one job, and in times of economic uncertainty, having multiple income streams could possibly reduce your chances of financial ruin. At the same time, people might be more likely to pick up multiple jobs to make up for money lost if they were laid off from a regular full-time job. Lets explore CPS/ASEC survey data to see how these trends have changed over the last year (wait until March ASEC data is released). Which demographics and states have seen the greatest change in the number of people working multiple jobs? What areas have seen the greatest change in the number of people moving from full to part time or one job to multiple jobs?How has work changed in this way in the last month? Has the average number of hours worked changed in the US overall? What industries are logging MORE hours per worker? Less?  <|endoftext|>"
