"Idea Title: Social Media and Safety  Idea Description: There are some people who will communicate valuable safety information via social media- like when town center was on lockdown, people would say stay away, and others would just blatantly make stuff up and say There 's a shooter at the mall he 's killed 3 people omg We 've seen the spread of wrong information in times of crisis or emergencies time and time again, so how do people perceive use of social media in these situations when it 's something local vs statewide or national? I know some people will say it 's okay to retweet or repost the information from official sources, but not to just post their own info or speculation. How many people have seen the spread of false info during a crisis, and what type of crisis was it? Should people call out posts that don 't have verifiable information or info from a credible source?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Safety After the Fact  Idea Description: Maybe youve recently started a family, gotten into a relationship, or adopted a pet. In some way or another, someone elses safety is now a primary concern in our lives-- Its not just us anymore. Do peoples perceptions of safety change after these events? Would they consider themselves to be more cautious? Do they feel theyre hyper-aware of potential dangers now? Who feels it the most-- new parents, new pet parents, or new couples? Do people feel more inclined to take their own safety and wellbeing seriously so they can be there for their new partners/family/pets? How have their behaviors changed-- Are they more communicative, are they not as reckless, more willing to jump into situations to help others? Why do they think their behaviors change? Do they feel as though they have something important to lose should something happen?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Green Product Price Points Explored  Idea Description: With so many green products hitting the market, from beauty to cleaning supplies, and even clothing, what kinds of decisions are consumers making when considering green options and price? Is it almost always worth buying the somewhat more expensive version of a product because of it has a better (or less bad) effect on the environment? How much do people appreciate sustainable packaging? What green aspects of a product are enough to build loyalty? And importantly, what demographics are willing to support green brands over others? For this project, well explore how consumers feel about green products, which aspects of being green are consumers most willing to pay for, as well as an interesting a/b test section in which we compare a green vs non green product at different price points, to see which appeals most to a consumer in X demographic.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Gap year perceptions  Idea Description: Let 's survey hiring managers about gaps in employment. What do they think when they see someone hasnt worked in a year or more? Do they bother asking about it? DO they completely pass that person over?How do perceptions vary if the person volunteered or did non profit work instead? What if they did nothing and have nothign to show for their time off. What concerns do employers have about bringing someone like that onto a team?What if it was for mental health reasons? There 's so many reasons someone may have a gap in employment but what are the perceptions around this.Its a stretch but we could try to add in people who have taken electivegaps to find themselves and see how long it took them to get back into the work force after this.--We 'll also ask about freelance or gig work during a gig year and filing for unemployment.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: DIY Home Security vs Professional  Idea Description: With the rise of the internet of things, it has become more possible than ever to roll your own security system in your home. Theres cameras than you can hang in your living rooms. There are smart door bells with cameras, microphones and speakers. There are motion detectors than can send you notifications on your phone if it senses anything while youre away. But is this actually better, from a simplicity standpoint, than just paying someone from a security system to rig your home for one fee?For this campaign, lets talk to 500 people who opted for the DIY route and 500 people who opted to just go with a security system. Lets ask each why they went their own way. Was it for monetary reasons? Simplicity? Do most people believe that rolling your own is simpler, despite all the research and shopping that you have to do? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: PPP Cost per Job Retained, by City/State  Idea Description: The U.S. Small Business Association (SBA) provides granular PPP loan data for business by city and state. Included in this data is the PPP loan amount, the business city and state, industry code, business type, business owner race and ethnicity, business owner gender, veteran status, the number of jobs retained, the lender, and the date the PPP loan was approved.*Using this data and a simple calculation, we can determine the average PPP loan cost for every individual job retained by city, state, or business type.For which cities, states, and businesses did it cost the most or least to retain a single job?In Florida among PPP businesses that received loans of less than $150,000 the average cost to retain an individual job was $8,529. *Business owners had the option to leave the race, gender, and veteran status data unanswered.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Doing Drugs with Your Boss  Idea Description: Have you ever been pressured to do drugs with your boss or your senior coworkers? A friend of mine who worked in an ad agency in New York City once walked in on her boss doing lines of cocaine in his office with a few coworkers. It was an awkward situation that ultimately ended up with her partaking, but it left her feeling uneasy afterwards about the interaction. How many people have done this or smoked weed with their boss or seniors? How pressured did they feel? Did they feel like their would be some gain by doing so and how did it affect the professional relationship afterward? Lets survey 1,000 people who are employed to see how common it is to feel that pressure or need to fit in at work. Then lets hone in on those who have done it and see what drugs and if the events repeated themselves. What professional benefits came of it? Or not?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Metascore Rankings to Determine Most Powerful Leader in GOT  Idea Description: The most powerful GOT characters are surrounded by a posse both magical and lethal. So whose got the power? Who has the most assets in this war to break the wheel, and just how much do those assets boost its leaders likelihood of winning this epic battle? Well use fans of the show to score and rank the main characters of GOT. For example, Arya wields the power of the Many-Faced God, Jon Snow might be the Prince That Was Promised (meaning hes got backup from the Lord of Light), and so on. Well ask fans to rate physical assets (Bronn, dragons, wolves) as well as the supernatural ones, and create visualizations that not only find the value of these factors (Many-Faced God vs Lord of Light vs Warg powers) but will also weight each character by these factors to produce the ultimate battle leaders in anticipation of GOTs upcoming season.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dinner Party & Diets  Idea Description: When it comes to people with dietary restrictions, whose responsibility is it to ensure that all guests at a dinner party, or any event where people gather to enjoy food, have food items available to them that fit into their dietary preferences or clinical needs.In recent years, Ive heard several arguments between friends, family, and coworkers where an event guest will feel offended that there was nothing for them to eat and felt their host -- whether it be employer, grandparent, or friend -- was being rude and/or insensitive. If that is not their gripe, theyll complain that foods with allergies, meat products, ect. were not properly labeled.What about sharing fridge space and silverware? What is proper etiquette when people with distinctly different diets share living space? What obligations do we think we have to one another?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Reddit as Your Broker  Idea Description: So you want to invest in the stock market, huh? Sure, you could go to a traditional brokerage, but what if you consulted the crowdsourced knowledge of Reddit instead? For this campaign, we would analyze various investment subreddits (/r/investing, /r/personalfinance, /r/StockMarket, etc.) to see how well Reddit users are at making investment decisions. On a timeline, what are the most talked about stocks on the stock market? The most positively or negatively talked about company (through either sentiment analysis or people shouting BUY BUY BUY or SELL SELL SELL in a comment mentioning a company)? Stocks vs. ETFs? If its not too much, I would like to see how well advice on these subreddits line up with reality. There were people asking if Apple was a good company to invest in three years ago. Did people guess right on how it would perform?  <|endoftext|>"
