"Idea Title: When Disaster Strikes  Idea Description: When my family first moved into our home, we lived there for about a week before the entire home flooded due to a burst city pipe. Navigating the insurance claim was tricky and unfamiliar; most of us think well never need to use our home insurance. It could be interesting to explore what happens in the event you do need to use it. What are the most common events that happen in the home, leading to an insurance claim, and did most people have the insurance they needed? How long do repairs typically take for each type of disaster? How much does something like a flood or leaking roof usually cost? What about natural disaster coverage, like fires, hurricanes or tornados? Were people happy with how their insurance company dealt with it? Where did they live while things were being fixed? Could serve as a cautionary tale to get that insurance.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of COVID Fees  Idea Description: When it comes to serving the general pubic, the pandemic has created a slew of additional costs for businesses. But who should foot the bill? This will be a survey-based execution of 1,000 to explore just that. Do consumers understand that business owners are facing increased costs due to social distancing requirements, additional sanitization, and protective equipment for staff? Are consumers to some extent sympathetic? Who fundamentally supports or opposes paying these short-term COVID fees? Are consumers more understanding of these fees when they come from medical professionals as opposed to restaurants? Has the rules on tipping change amid the pandemic? Is a 50% tip the new norm? Should consumers stay at home if they\re unable to dish out the extra cash? Let 's explore questions along generational lines to see how perceptions vary.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Do You Miss (and Not Miss) About the Office?  Idea Description: Honestly, I prefer working from home, but there are definitely some things about the office that I do miss. For this campaign, we would explore what aspects of offices and office culture people do and dont miss. Well also explore how companies are trying to compensate for some of those perceived WFH shortcomings and whether or not employees are satisfied with them.What are the most and least missed aspects of office culture? What are the perks that people miss (snacks, workspaces, treadmill desks, etc...) and what perks are they doing just fine without? What percentage of people miss random bullshit chit chat with coworkers, and what percentage of people prefer avoiding the small talk?What are companies doing to make up for the benefits of working in an office? Are employees appreciative, do they think theyre effective, etc...?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Ad Personalization  Idea Description: Weve all scrolled through Instagram and seen the ad weve only talked about but never actually searched for in our phone. Lets take a look at feelings toward ad personalization overall and pair it with how many people think some platforms are crossing the line. The first section will ask about ad personalization in general: What are our feelings about emails with our name on them from a company? Is it more persuasive in our purchasing habits? From there, well get into the section on what is crossing the line. How many people, for instance, are freaked out when they get an email that asks about the item they might have left in their cart? Is it too far for them, or does it actually make them want to purchase the product? We could even explore how much privacy are you willing to give up to make online shopping that much more efficient.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of the National Debt / Your Portion of the National Debt  Idea Description: How much does the USA owe to other countries? We 've all seen these reports, but can we track down how much more or less we\re borrowing from other countries over the last decade? How does this change based on sitting president? Further, how much are Americans donating towards paying off the national debt each year? How does this change based on the sitting president? For this project we would explore national debt, and possibly even run a survey asking people what/where/who they think is paying for our country to operate? 'Ai As a more reality vs perception of the national debt. Further, if we divide the national debt by the number of Americans, just how much does each living American owe towards our debt, if we were asked to pay tomorrow? We would tie in crypto as a form of alternate currency, and more as we explore Americans debt.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Workout Safety  Idea Description: There have been so many sad cases where women have been victimized when working out. A lot of women wont job or workout in the street, in fear of being followed, or assaulted. For this idea we would survey men and women on their safety practices 'Ai Do they stay in well lit parks? Avoid certain blocks? Take their dog or another form of self defense with them on their jog around the block? Is it the clothing they choose to wear, to draw less attention? Or do most women *not* really think about these things when hitting the streets? How many women have been confronted or felt like someone started to pick up their jogging pace to catch up to them, and more...? How does this compare to male respondents? This idea would aim to reveal insights into how many people have experienced this and help suggest ways to stay safe on their next workout.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are You Too Comfortable at Work?  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 employees with the goal of identifying the percentage of the workforce who feels (too) comfortable in their current position. What are the signs of complacency? Are you OK with the bare minimum? Are you uninterested in new opportunities? Do you stop making your voice be heard? Let 's compare the results between those who are comfortable vs. hungry employees. Who 's more likely to see frequent raises and promotions? Who is more productive, motivated, and engaged? Does being comfortable lead to thoughts of jumping ship? Does a career change ever cross their mind? What 's more, we can survey a small sample of managers/employers to see if high comfort levels have a negative impact on the bottom line and workplace culture. Let 's explore results by company size to generate compelling and relatable takeaways.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Personal Space on Public Transit  Idea Description: Most of us care about our personal space and dont really like it when someone gets too close without permission. Public transportation usually gets us a bit closer to others than wed like, especially at certain times of the day or specific cities across the United States. For this idea we would survey people who do and dont take public transportation to get their feelings on personal space, riding with others, compared to those who take their own means of transportation. What are all the little disgusting things people admit to doing or seeing on public transportation? Do people who take their own cars to work end up more productive throughout the day, happier, more relaxed? Do those who take public transport have travel hacks theyve used to make their ride better? What would someone give up to get into their own car? And more...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Familiarity with home safety features  Idea Description: The extent of my familiarity with home safety features is that if the fire alarm is being very loud, its probably bad.How knowledgeable are other people about their home safety features? For example, do they know the different meanings of the beeps of their carbon monoxide detector? In the event of a positive alarm for CO, how many would know the appropriate response?How many people know whens the last time they changed the batteries in their smoke detectors? If they live in an apartment, do they know the appropriate fire exits, or where the extinguisher is located?Which demographic knows most/least about home safety? i.e. are parental homeowners more likely than single renters to know about their home safety?How many homeowners have flood sensors and are familiar with the system? (this could add a regional component)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Demographics of Essential vs. Nonessential Occupations  Idea Description: What are the demographics of the workers on the front-lines of the COVID-19 pandemic? Who are the employees risking their own well-being to ensure Americans receive essential services such as food, water, health services, law enforcement, mail, internet, etc..Using the IPUMS CPS, we can conduct a deep exploration into these occupation demographics. What is the average age of an essential worker? Are they old or young? Are they more or less likely to have a college education? Are they parents? Do they have children? Do they earn more or less than nonessential service occupations? Where are they most likely to be employed?Well need to define occupations as essential or nonessential ourselves using whatever guidelines are available. I recommend using the IPUMS CPS which will have detailed demographic data for all occupations.  <|endoftext|>"
