"Idea Title: Standing Out in the Job Market  Idea Description: We saw a major drop in employment rates across the country during the pandemic. This has led to an oversaturated job market. In these times of lockdown and limited social ability, avenues to find a job are extremely narrow, limited to online job sites and networking. This campaign could dive into both sides of this issue: what are job seekers doing to stand out in the job market and what are employers keying in on in the enormous applicant pool. We can look at the breakdown of the job seekers favorite and most successful strategies, the rate at which they are applying, if/what they are doing to bolster their skillset, and a breakdown of how their job criteria has changed if it has. On the flip side, we can look at the breakdown of what stands out to employers, where they find the best candidates, and what things NOT to do among others.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Microsoft vs. Apple Showdown  Idea Description: If you ask anyone about what technology they tend to use, chances are theyre either on Team Apple or Team Microsoft, and they probably have pretty strong reasons to back up their stance. These reasons may have to do with price, frequency of updates, if the updates are actually helpful or annoying, features on either computers or smartphones, special deals they offer with cell phone plans or specific stores, how long the devices typically last, etc. Let survey 1,000 people on their preferences toward either of these companies products and have them break down why according to the overall umbrellas of things like price, cool features, frequency of releasing new products, relevancy of the products to their lifestyle, etc. Ultimately, wed be able to compare what buyers perceive as the superior company in various verticals.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Buying Your First Car  Idea Description: How are millennials and Gen=Zers approaching buying their first car? What are they looking for? What are their priorities when buying their car?For this campaign, we will survey millennials and Gen-Zers who dont own a car and are looking to get a car within the next 2-3 years and ask them what cars they are looking at, what their restrictions are in terms of cost, whether they are looking at new or used, how much they plan to put down, etc. Is there a specific car type (sedan, truck, SUV, etc.) that most Gen-Zers want? We can color what these young aspiring car owners think with a survey asking car owners, who have bought more than 2 cars previously, what they would warn new car owners about before they buy their new cars. How much should they actually put down, how much does mileage matter, which brand of car should they get?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Date Night for Parents  Idea Description: With Valentines coming up having that special date night and free time away from the kids is crucial to maintain a healthy family dynamic. Are couples who do not utilize babysitters or have family nearby to watch their children less happy overall with their marriage? How many schedule play dates so they can have alone time? How many times a month do parents go out on a date night (or day date)? Whats the average cost of a date night (babysitter included)? Are parents with more children less likely to have alone time? Which % of parents go on vacation without their children? What is the main reason couples avoid date night: exhaustion from work, the overall cost of going out, no free time, not sexually attracted to spouse, parental guilt away from the kids, etc. What is the average time parents come back home from their date night?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Travel Dreams  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 Americans with the goal of identifying how many people dream about traveling. Are younger, millennials women most likely to dream of traveling abroad? Do (ok) boomers experience dreams of an endless summer? What type of travel dreams are people experiencing: camping, trip abroad, cruise, city-trip, beach resort, etc.? Are burned-out employees experiencing these getaway dreams more frequently? How many have visited a destination they actually dreamt about (this actually happened to me with Seattle)? What are the most frequent travel-related dreams and nightmares? How many people dream about missing a flight or being left behind by a cruise ship? Do low-income earners dream of traveling more often? Do higher levels of stress correlate with travel dreams, or nightmares? Lots of angles we can pursue here.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The (House) Price is Right  Idea Description: Its clear there is a ton of variation in home prices around the country. If you show two people from different regions the same house and ask them to guess the price, odds are youll end up with vastly different estimates. So why not learn more about those estimates and find out who is most likely to overestimate and who is most likely to underestimate home values?For this idea, well collect or create an assortment of home listings with photos and details such as location, bedrooms, square footage, etc. From there, well ask survey respondents to estimate the home value based on this listing.Well analyze this data to find out how guesses vary by age, location, rural/urban living environment, U.S. region, and income level.How do expectations match up to reality? Is homeownership easier or more difficult than you think?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Opinions on Reallocating Police and Military Budgets by Generation  Idea Description: Recently, the discussion of defunding the police has arisen from the BLM Movement. Conversations on this topic have ranged from completely abolishing the traditional structure of law enforcement to the reallocation of police budgets to other critical American issues such as education, health care, and wages.For this idea, we 'll conduct a survey of Gen Z, Millennial, Gen X, and Baby Boomer generations to determine their varying positions on this idea, specifically to determine which issues people would prefer to reallocate police and military budgets and the percentage of the budget they would allocate to each.Using these results, we 'll obtain a glimpse into how various issues rank comparatively across demographics and political affiliations. How have these opinions changed as a result of COVID-19 or recent BLM protests?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sports and the power of group identity  Idea Description: Being a sports fan provides a sense of camaraderie among fellow fans, even when any sort of personal connection is lacking. Let 's explore the aspects of fandom to see what it is about sports, and group membership in general, that unites us.Using relevant literature from sociology about group membership, we can ask respondents about how their various group identities contribute to their group relationships. How strongly do people identify with various social groups, from sports teams to political parties and from coworkers to church goers? How likely are people to approach / bond with their fellow group members? What happens when they meet someone from an opposing group? What 's the difference between people like me and people I like?Which of our social groups presents the strongest bonds and the fiercest enemies?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Public, Private, Charter - Where Do You Go?  Idea Description: Lets run a survey asking people how they feel about different education options such as public schools, private schools and charter schools. We can look at this across the entire education experience from pre-K to college. Are there particular grades/periods where people think its more important to go to public vs. private or vice versa? Do particular demographics tend to lean toward a certain type of education over others? What do people think of their own educational paths -- would they go back and change something (i.e. go to a public school rather than private)? We can also ask respondents whether theyre parents and what their plans are for their childs education -- will they follow the same path they did or do something radically different? What do people think are the pros and cons of different school types/environments?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: GOT and Fandom  Idea Description: How many people consider themselves fans of the show, and how far have they gone to express their love for it? How many people just like it? How many are watching it because of the pop-culture Juggernaut it 's become? Did they read the books because of the show, or watch the show because of reading the books? If they haven 't been watching since it 's start in 2011, at which season/year did they binge to catch up/ hop into the show in? What are the characteristics of these fans, and who re their favorite characters, the ones they root for? Sort of looking into doing almost a personality breakdown of fans of each house and why those characters are their faves. Which moments devastated them the most vs made them cheer, and what do they think is going to happen in the final season? What do they WANT to happen in the final season?  <|endoftext|>"
