"Idea Title: Cryptocurrency Name Recognition Fake-out  Idea Description: Prior to the spring of 2021, many people had likely not heard of cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin (or perhaps Etherium). However, with the rise of crypto speculation culture, most notably with the popularity of Dogecoin, more people may be becoming familiar with the broader ecosystem of cryptocurrencies.Let 's conduct a survey to see how many people we can fool with fake cryptocurrency names. We 'll craft a survey with questions like Which of the following cryptocurrencies have you heard of? and present a mixture of real and fake currencies. We 'll see how ridiculous we can get with the names.Optionally, we could also scrape Twitter for tweets about specific cryptocurrencies and present sentiment analysis of the tweets. Are people generally talking crap about certain coins? Does that correlate with how they\re named?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When Hip Hop Turned on Trump  Idea Description: Im just tryin to get rich like Trump (Ice Cube, 1998) used to mean something in the hip hop community - The Donald was rich, charming, over the top, and a Democrat. Although he may still (I think) have Kanye, the rest of hip hop seems decidedly against our commander in chief.Now, though, President Trump is a different story, and hip hop has decidedly turned on him. FiveThirtyEight looked at this with all the major primary candidates in 2015, but a lot has changed since then. Using the Genius API, lets scrape trump-related hip hop lyrics and chart how mentions, sentiment, overall song topic, an tone have changed over the last two years.The 538 dataset is public and linked here https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/clinton-trump-hip-hop-lyrics/ and we would basically just extend it to include up to the end of 2018  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Tech Divide: Most/Least Tech Accessible Cities/States  Idea Description: UN says internet access is a human right - Business InsiderLet 's use detailed data from the U.S. Census\ American Community Survey to explore the cities and states with the highest tech adoption rates, specifically highlighting the technology divide between low to medium/high income populations.The data provides rates and estimates of tech device ownership (desktop/laptop/smartphone), number of devices, internet access and type of internet subscription by city, state, race, age, education, and income level.We can cross with other city/state specific characteristics from census for additional takeaways.Which cities and states have the lowest rates of computer ownership/internet access? Which cities and states have the largest tech gap (difference in rate of internet access from high to low income population)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: For Your Consideration  Idea Description: Areavibes already has a list of things that make up a place 's avg score, so why not ask respondents to rank how important each of those things are, and see how it differs by geographic area, generation, gender, etc. We could see if older generations care more about good weather than cost of living, if Millennials are placing crime lower on their list and cost of living as number 1, and see how it differs between what sort of dwelling they\re looking for and their annual income is. Through finding these categories they care most about, we can then present them with a new top list of places that ranked highest in those categories, giving us The best places for Millennials The best places for Generation X and so on. We can also include the best places for new parents/families in order to include the education category.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sex With SSRIs  Idea Description: NBC news reported recently than nearly 1 in 6 Americans takes a prescription antidepressant. Many of those people will take an SSRI, which can frequently cause sexual problems in both men and women. Sex, especially sex problems, can be really hard to talk about, but is communication part of the solution for people in this situation? Lets dig into this and find out how people on SSRIs/antidepressants are managing their depression while also maintaining a successful sex life. How many people are too scared to discuss sexual side effects with their doctor? How many are scared to talk to their partner about their own issues, or their partners issues? How are people working around their problems in the bedroom, like introducing toys or other new approaches? How many are working w/ their doctor to adjust their dose or switch meds?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Unbelievable Weirdness of Shipping Things  Idea Description: Shipping stuff is so weird -- there are a TON of factors, and not just the ones youd think about (size, weight, distance) that play into shipping cost - differences of mere inches (on a package) pounds (also on a package) or miles can sometimes triple the cost to send something.For this project, wed roll up our sleeves and do some research ourselves by creating all sorts of orders we dont actually make on websites for USPS, FedEx, UPS, etc. The goal would be to find the tipping point where things go up in price like crazy and figure out which services are the best for shipping which things. For additional data stuff, we can look into reports on the actual cost companies like amazon pay to run prime or look at other aspects of how startups or other companies take a huge initial hit on cost when they offer free shipping  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are eSports Gamers Athletes?  Idea Description: Ever since the U.S. government began granting athlete visas to esports gamers in 2013, there has a been a steadily burning discourse around the question of whether gamers can really be considered athletes. Although professional esports teams practice, travel, and compete in a very similar manner to traditional sports teams, hordes of people on the internet argue that the lack of physical activity (i.e. running around) disqualifies them from the title of athlete. How do these responses vary by generation, gender, whether the person plays games, etc.?Lets survey the public to ask them whether they think esports professionals are athletes. Wheres the line? Are professional bowlers athletes? Chess players? How much does a pro gamer have to make to be taken seriously as an athlete by the general public? Five figures? Six?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Personality of Your AI Assistant  Idea Description: Repitch from unselected ARM ideaiton. It 's a weird one.--Siri. Alexa. Google home. What 's the personality of your AI assistant?For this idea we 'll use dialog/transcript data from various smart assistants and run the text through Watson 's Personality API to determine their personality scores. We 'll issue the same prompts to each assistant.Yes, basic searches will yield robotic and straightforward responses, but I believe there would be sufficient differences and dialog options to determine at least some significant variation in personality. For example, when Alexa is asked what her favorite baseball team is, she replies My home team is the Mariners. And you got to root, root, root, for the home team.If we test and transcribe enough dialog, we can run the analysis and basic word/character reply counts.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Plastic Surgery Addiction  Idea Description: How many respondents have sought out plastic surgery options for their double chin, stomach fat, face, neck, breast augmentation, butt implants, under eye wrinkles, lip injections, dark circles, botox, etc. Which cosmetic surgery is the most/least desirable and worth it for Americans? What is the main reason for the cosmetic surgery: to appear more youthful or boost self-esteem. What were the reasons for someone to file a medical malpractice lawsuit for a botched cosmetic surgery? Are people more likely to file suit if they have had over 5 amount of cosmetic surgeries? Failing to obtain informed consent, obtaining a full medical history and surgical errors can lead to medical malpractice. How many respondents reported to scarring, infections, nerve damage, disfigurement, skin discoloration, pneumonia, etc after their surgery?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Crypto Cars  Idea Description: Recent news of Tesla backtracking on their promise to accept Bitcoin as payment has spurred debate among crypto-investors and skeptics, alike. In this project, lets survey 1,000 people on their perceptions of using cryptos to purchase cars. How many investors would use cryptos to buy a car? Which car brands should start accepting bitcoin as payment? How does the acceptance/opposition of Bitcoin payments affect brand loyalty? Would Honda owners switch to Ford if they accepted Bitcoin? What percentage of people are concerned about blockchains impact on the environment? How many support Elons decision to stop accepting Bitcoin payments? What car can 1 Bitcoin get you today? How many plan to use their crypto gains to buy a car? What percentage believe youll be able to purchase a car with cryptos in the future? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
