"Idea Title: 2nd Life  Idea Description: I once watched a documentary on Second Life which is a computer game where you have an avatar that interacts in a virtual world. There was a thriving economy based on this game. Virtual escorts, stylists, construction workers, etc, making real world money off these services. People become immersed in this 2nd life. As machine learning improves, video games are going to become increasingly realistic and consuming. How many people would give up their real world experiences for a virtual world that was uniquely and seamlessly tailored to their tastes? Would they prefer to date a perfect realistic digital partner, or have a real life relationship? Would they prefer to make a living in-game, or do they want a real life career? What 's the tipping point-- how engaging does the virtual experience need to be to make the switch?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Popular Stocks by Generation  Idea Description: Almost unsurprisingly, many Millennials are choosing to invest in marijuana stocks (https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/stock-picks-millennials-piled-into-these-9-stocks-in-2018-2018-12-1027833561#amazon1). So, whats going on with everyone else in the investing world? Lets survey 1,000 people from Gen X through Gen Y. How are older generations keeping up with new investing trends? Have their habits changed to keep up with the times? Do they think these new stock trends are worthwhile endeavors or just the next big fad? How do younger generations compare? Are they investing similarly to Millennials, or have they already abandoned marijuana, etc for the next big stock? Why do people choose the stocks they buy into? Accruing wealth? Simply diversifying their portfolio? Genuine belief in a product/service?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Buying a Home in Crypto  Idea Description: The real estate website OpenListings.com (https://www.openlistings.com/s/bitcoin) has a special section - home listings that could be purchased with bitcoin. Currently, there are only about 20-30 listings of homes that could be traded for coin, but do people think this will be a growing trend or a passing blip on the bitcoin radar? Lets survey Americans and ask if theyd ever be wiling to buy or sell a home using stocks, bonds, gold bars, years of servtitude, or even bitcoin. Would people be more willing to work off their debt to the current owner than pay off a house with coin?? Which Americans think this is the future? How many would think strangely about a house listing that said the owners would accept coin? Which Americans would be willing to do it themselves? What about other big purchases like cars, college tuition?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Student Loan Burden  Idea Description: Among the Class of 2018, 69% of college students took out student loans, and they graduated with an average debt of $29,800, including both private and federal debt. (https://studentloanhero.com/student-loan-debt-statistics/) Many peoples first jobs and jobs for some 10 to 20 years after is colored by the burden of student loan debt. Some have to take certain types of jobs- corporate over civic, and so on, just to make ends meet. How much of peoples pay check go to paying off loans? What do people sacrifice to pay off loans? How many jobs do people work to pay them off? Do the jobs they get after school, even provide a livable wage after student loan monthly payments have been made? How much of tax returns are used to pay off monthly payments in advance? How much credit card debt do they feel is due to high student loans?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ill Pay More for:  Idea Description: I 'll pay more for quality and a good warranty, among other things. Others will pay more to support a company with strong values, a great brand/story, political stances, and plenty of other reasons.For this campaign, we 'll explore the reasons why people are willing to pay more, looking at reasons ranging from product-specific (quality, sustainable sourcing, reviews, et..), company-specific (values, women-owned, strong mission/story), and more (supporting local).We 'll also explore how these factors influence purchasing decisions in general. Ex: How much more likely are people to purchase a sustainable product than a product that isn 't?To keep this on brand for the client, we can frame it as which features/aspects provide the most value for their cost. We can also add a I 'll sacrifice X to save money angle.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dating After 50  Idea Description: Dating at 25 during the coronavirus pandemic is pretty rough (sometimes), but that had me thinking it must be 10X harder for older singles, right? Perhaps not...In this project, lets survey 500+ people who are age 50 or older, and single, to explore what its like to date past your golden years. How many singles are attempting to date during the pandemic? Is it more common for older singles to online date, and if so, what platforms are they using? What percentage are willing to meet up and have sex with potential partners? What are men and women 50+ looking for in a partner at this age? What are some common red flags? What are the dos/donts of starting over with love? How many think its just too hard to date at this age? Lastly, what tips would these seasoned singles leave for the younger generation of lovers?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: the case against wellness  Idea Description: Wellness can become an obsession with physical self-actualization and unhealthy body image ideals. Its become a socially acceptable obsession but where is the line and how aware are people of when they are crossing it? We can survey what people do that they think is healthy that is actually obsessive and examine and survey people fitness habits, goals, expectations. Well compare our respondents answers (that will probably show people are exercising unhealthily) to stats on exercise addiction and even orthorexia. also use stats to show what healthy exercise actually entails to compare. We can also survey people on their perceptions of fitness/ clean eating. The goal will be to promote body positivity and expose that fitness isnt always healthy'Aiand that Americans are most often not healthy about their habits.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Keeping Track  Idea Description: There are a lot of people nowadays that dont check their bank account balance before they make a purchase (so many that its become somewhat of a meme to use your debit card like a gift card) or dont regularly check it at all. There are also a lot of people who dont keep a record of their purchases or keep their receipts to check against the final amounts charged to them in their accounts. So, lets run a survey and find out how people are keeping an eye on their finances (if at all) along with asking if they have a monthly budget, how many times they overdraft their account per month (as long as it doesnt violate the TOS) and how their budgeting and record-keeping changes by income level. Do people who still balance their checkbook routinely run into overdraft less than those who dont keep track of their purchases?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Distribution of Accents in the UK  Idea Description: https://www.dialectsarchive.com/england is a database of voice recordings broken down by country, gender, age, region, and locality. For this project, we will play several recordings from every region into a talk to text app, and see which are most consistently misinterpreted by measuring the incidence and severity of typos. Our goal is to establish which dialects in England, Scotland, Wales, and N. Ireland are the easiest and most difficult to understand. Our results can be subdivided by the other parameters I mentioned to flush out more interesting details.We may also consider running a short supplemental survey (Maybe 100 Americans and 100 Brits) to identify which accents people find the most attractive and the hardest to understand, and compare the results between the countries (and region among British people).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Panic Shopping and Purchase Limits  Idea Description: As we find ourselves in the second wave of COVID, we can see that some products are once again beginning to disappear. For this campaign, lets explore who has already panicked when buying, their interests based on past experiences (previous COVID wave), who is stocking up on XYZ, and what they are no longer finding. Lets see how this varies according to different demos. Do millennials care about buying X like baby boomers? Who is taking all the toilet paper? Who does not feel the need to stock on large bulks of X during the second wave of the pandemic? What products do you keep buying but still have large quantities at home?Furthermore, lets look at how panic shopping affects/helps people during COVID. Is this making you feel less stressed/anxious? Are you panic shopping to help loved ones who are unable to shop?  <|endoftext|>"
