"Idea Title: Comparing Sleep Patterns of Breadwinners  Idea Description: Over the past decade, the U.S. has witnessed a shift in societal norms as more and more women become an economic powerhouse in the modern workforce. For this campaign, lets analyze how the rise of the female breadwinner affects sleep quality among married couples. Lets survey sufficient samples from four key populations: male/female breadwinners and their counterparts, male/female homemakers. How do the sleep habits of breadwinners vary by gender? Whos receiving the recommended hours of sleep per night? How does being a homemaker affect sleep in men and women? Which factors contribute to poor/good sleep quality between these groups? For instance, do men feel a sense of pressure, or stress, when their partner earns more? Does this lead to poor sleep quality? Whos more satisfied with their relationship? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Taking a Gap Year? - Deferring College due to Covid  Idea Description: Covid has brought normality to a stop, and college is no exception to this. Most classes are still online, social interactions on campus are restricted, and many amenities for students are closed. Despite this, many colleges have not lowered their tuitions, and students are incurring debt despite not getting to make the most of everything their college has to offer. How do parents and current college students feel about this? Have students decided to defer college and take a gap year? What are they planning to do during this? Work or pursue an internship? Does the cost of college seem too high when students cannot make full use of the college experience?How do parents feel about their child taking a gap year, and deferring college? Are they worried about their childs future if they dont go to College immediately?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Relaxation and Life  Idea Description: What are the most relaxing things to do when you\re off of work or on the weekend? Is it a yoga session? Laying in bed watching TV? Or is it some quiet time with your family and loved ones? What about the most relaxing environments? Is it a beach, or park? A pool or bath? How many of us really do each of these things, and take the time for ourselves? About how much time on average do people even relax throughout the day and night? For this idea we would dig into relaxation, create ranking of the most relaxing X for different categories (places, events, time alone, vacations, etc..), and ask people in general different questions about their relaxation habits throughout the day (which we could extrapolate into how many hours people \relax\ throughout life if we get enough of a sample size for various age groups).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Body Positivity Hashtags (Repitch from 1 million months ago)  Idea Description: Lets scrape instagram for the biggest body positivity hashtags: #effyourbeautystandards (3.5m posts), #honormycurves (1m posts), #celebratemycurves (42k posts), #saggyboobsmatter (10k posts), there are more. (Theres many more, would be cool to find gender neutral ones and then ones men/women specific)Lets find out what regions are the most active (post the most). Lets analyze sentiment of description and what words are used most. Never did a social media scrape, if theres more we can get lets do it! If we could see how they developed over time would be really cool to see how they got more popular and how the associated words changed (not sure if thats possible).I remember this idea was liked back in the day (couldnt find the ideation doc, was for this team) but then I lost track of what happened to it.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Generational Perceptions  Idea Description: With this whole ok boomer thing going viral, it makes it clear that there are so many generational divisions between us, some of us see/feel them and some don 't. How do Baby Boomers and older populations feel about Gen Z? Do we feel as divided as the media makes it seem, and how does that compare by generation? How have relationships between the older population and younger people changed: do we identify with each other more, or less? Do we still believe the same stereotypes? Let 's use a survey to understand the ok boomer trend, as well as generational perceptions of the other. We can research common known stereotypes about each and have survey respondents rate how true they feel these things are, and we can even ask respondents how their own relationships to people of different ages has changed in recent years.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Lurking Through Location-Find Features  Idea Description: Ive always felt weird about sharing my location not only with apps for their own internal use, but especially on apps like Snapchat, where anyone Im friends with can see where Im at. Im sure we could find some surprising and creepy things people use those location services for, whether it Snapchat, Find My Friends, etc. What percent of people lurk on their significant others, either during the day or at night? How about exes? How about looking to see where their friends are when they gave an excuse to cancel plans? In general, what percent of people are hesitant about sharing their locations with people, and what are their concerns? How are relationships affected when both parties share their locations (does it build trust or hinder it?) How does this kind of thing work in long distance relationships?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Surprised I Survived High School and College  Idea Description: Im surprised I survived High School with the amount of underage drinking we did. From parents buying us alcohol or hotel rooms, to friends throwing 300 person keg parties, High School can get wild, and I imagine its getting crazier. For this idea we would take a look back at past high school experiences by generation. We would ask people to remember these times and attempt to determine if HS habits are getting worse, staying the same, or possibly getting better throughout the decades...? How many people who were in High School in the early 2000s had a period of time they would black out at parties, and remember serious consequences because of it? How many people say theyve attended parties where parents bought them alcohol, and helped lie to their parents? What industries do these people work in now? And more...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Lower Inhibitions (Festival STDs)  Idea Description: When you go to a large concert or party people inhibitions tend to lower. People are more likely to consume various drugs and hookup with people that they will never see again. Its somewhat like What Happens In Vegas, Stays In Vegas, but if you contract an STI or STD it obviously doesn 't stay there. For this particular campaign lets survey people that have been to a concert or a festival in the past year and ask them if they feel if they are more likely to hookup with someone and if they hooked up with someone at that concert or festival. Why do people lower their inhibitions when they go to these events? Who is more likely to lower their inhibitions? How many people have contracted and STD or STI from a hookup at a concert? Let 's find out why things like the Coachella Herpes outbreak actually happens.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Obscenity Scale by Generation  Idea Description: Sensibilities are not concrete, and outward impressions are that there is a significant gap between generational tolerance for obscenity. Stand-up comedians also exist on a scale of vulgarity, and so can be used as a meter-stick to gauge the tolerance levels of people for obscenity. The standard assumption is that older generations are more easily offended - but does that longstanding perception stand-up to the increasingly apparent sensitivity of young people? We can also analyze tolerance levels for jokes by category, like jokes with heavy cursing vs sexual jokes vs jokes about violence vs jokes about race or gender or disability. We can also explore obscenity toleration on TV/in movies by generation (see https://www.seniorliving.org/research/what-we-find-offensive-on-tv/ over 100 pickups and 29 dofollows.)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Favorite TV Sports Personalities  Idea Description: This campaign would ask sports fans about their perception of TV analysts and media personalities. From a general perspective, how do sports fans feel about media reactions to certain events, do they feel analysts have more trustworthy or controversial takes, and which sports channels do they watch the most/do they think have the best analysts? From there, we can look into the biggest sports analysts (stephen a. smith, skip bayless, etc.) and ask them their sentiment on them. Who is the biggest troll, who has the best insight, who is their favorite? Do they believe former athletes make the best analysts? I think there is a lot of good insight we can get from sports fans who watch sports shows and channels. We can additionally do a a Twitter sentiment analysis using SEMRush to see social sentiment on these analysts.  <|endoftext|>"
