"Idea Title: Digital Afterlives  Idea Description: Inspired by Black Mirrors only happy-ending episode San Junipero, lets survey 1,000 Americans (with half respondents identifying as baby boomers) to see who would agree to uploading their mind to the cloud. In this project, lets create several fictitious scenarios and gauge participants sentiment towards each case. For instance, a startup developed a novel process to upload ones mind to a cloud. In the cloud you have the ability to live as a younger version of yourself forever. The catch? You must sacrifice your life. Are older people more likely to test the new tech or are they ready to rest in peace? What percentage of millennials and gen zers would resort to the cloud in a heartbeat? How much would you being willing to pay to be uploaded to the cloud? What are the pros and cons cited by each generation?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Great Ikea Race (Video)  Idea Description: Assembling IKEA furniture is a true test of patience and grit - and if you recruit a friend or lover to assist you, it can add some real tension into the relationship. This is why you should just hire a professional and keep your relationships conflict-free.In this non-traditional approach, we can get couples of various kinds and combinations to race each other in constructing IKEA furniture. We could film what unfolds between the pairs. What personality types/ages/countries do the best together? Who finishes first - and who finishes without fighting? Buzzfeed did something similar in 2014, but by introducing more diversity into the challenge in terms of personality pairings, gender pairings, relationship lengths, age groups, and ideally an Australian pair, we could see which couples out build the others.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Thats My Side  Idea Description: Everyone has a favorite side of the bed - but what happens when you realize that your partner favors the same side? This project would look into why people favor a particular side of the bed. Have the just always slept on that side? Do they like being further from a door/window? Is it colder/warmer? Etc. Do partners give in to their companions side of the bed? Do they switch back and forth? What % of married couples resent their spouse for stealing their side of the bed? How does sleep quality change when they don 't get to sleep on their side? If their partner falls asleep on their side, do they make them move, or just move to the other side? How do women choose their side vs how do men choose their side? When a partner is out of town, what % still only sleep on their side of the bed rather than switching?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How much happiness CAN money buy?  Idea Description: As much as people love the debate on whether money can or cant buy happiness, when you really break it down, the answer to this is definitely a gray one. Whether the context is choosing your job, saving up for your dream home/car, or saving/spending on education, many of which can make or break happiness, money is definitely a key factor. Let explore different facets of life, such as love, careers, homes and family, and survey 1,000 people about how/if money can buy them happiness in these contexts. Things like: When choosing a career that will make you a ton of money vs. one that is more aligned with your passions, which do you choose? If you have pretty low social/emotional intelligence skills, how far can having a ton of money get you in life in terms of lifestyle, making friends and finding a partner?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Can I See Your ID?  Idea Description: The stereotypical American college experience often involves a lot of alcohol and unsafe behaviors related to drinking. According to alcohol.org, over 70% of Americans have their first drink before the age of 18, with 25% engaging in binge drinking (5 or more drinks in one sitting). With the drinking age being much lower in Australia, how does college drinking/partying culture compare ? Lets survey Americans & Australians (either current students or graduates, whichever is more feasible methodology-wise) to quantify these experiences. How many times a week do they go out? How often did a night out turn into binge drinking? Have they ever been hospitalized or had to call an ambulance on a friend? Do they think their campus culture promotes drinking in excess? Do they feel safe reporting incidents to the school?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Kids and Finances  Idea Description: According to the Department of Agriculture (weird org i know), the cost of raising a child from 0-17 is $233,610. Thats expensive. For this survey execution, lets look at spending on infants and children, and find out from parents the sacrifices they make so their kids can have what they want. How mch do people pay for the average stroller? And what are the most overrated baby items (low ROI). Further, this campaign would explore children and finances, how much parents feel is fair to pay, etiquitte around children and paying (do you send your kid on a playdate with cash?), gifting habits, and undderstanding childhood entrepreneurship. What is the average allowance, what are parents requiring as consideration for that allowance? How many parents are encouraging their kids to open lemondae stands or sell stuff?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Better Sleep in the Doghouse  Idea Description: Diego and Frida had their own houses. It worked for them because they tried to kill each other every five seconds, but are there modern couples with healthy relationships who have diff bedrooms? Or separate beds. Are they getting better sleep? How has their productivity changed? Are they happier? How do they make time for each other since theyre missing out on late night cuddles and convos? Who suggested the idea? Why? When did it start? Did having kids have to do with it? Do their children understand? Did they bring the discussion to therapy? Do they feel judged for doing in? Who is judging them? I think we should get a couple of quotes here and find out how long folks have been married to keep things a bit more interesting. Could be cool to get Europeans in as well - is it more an American or European thing?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gen Z Starter Homes  Idea Description: The oldest Gen Zers are finishing college and starting jobs and some experts believe they will begin to leapfrog millennials when it comes to home buying. Lets survey 1,000 Gen Zers around starter home sentiment to explore how they envision their first home. At what age do Gen Zers plan on purchasing their first home? Gen Z is known to be money conscious so lets identify the price range theyll seek out when the time comes. What is the ideal size and style of their first home? Which factors, like the affordability of area and crime rates, matter to this generation when purchasing a starter home? What are the most important features (kitchen island, fireplace, plenty of natural light, etc.)? Which states, or major metro areas, will they select to reside? How many Gen Zers are already homeowners? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are Internships worth it?  Idea Description: Internships are promoted as a way for students, recent graduates, or people changing careers to gain experience. They are also a way for companies to get extra hands on deck at a low cost. But, are internships worth it? What makes a good internship that will actually help someone to find a job afterwards? Are interns given tasks to do independently, projects they can show to potential employers? Are they given a review and feedback afterwards, letters of recommendation?What makes for bad internship, only getting coffee, doing menial small tasks?Have internships changed during covid? Are remote internships considered equal to in-person ones? Do people feel they are given enough support while working remotely? Is it more difficult to make connections to be used afterwards when using them as references?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Readying the Next Generation for Tech Earlier  Idea Description: Over the past 20 years, we have seen a meteoric rise in the popularity of technology and the abundance of tech careers. We see many more people getting into the tech space, whether it is due to interest or simply just money. For this campaign, we can survey parents and ask them about how tech has impacted their careers and how the constantly increasing prevalence in tech will impact how they raise their children. Will they try to push their kids towards learning about tech at an earlier age, or even push them to aim for a career in tech later in their life? We can supplement this survey of parents with survey of Gen Z-ers (ages 18-23) and ask them about the consideration they gave to a tech career or if they are already in the tech space. We can get their input on how they perceive the tech space as a whole.  <|endoftext|>"
