"Idea Title: Anatomy of ICO Scams  Idea Description: ICO scams are increasing, and according to cointelegraph, 80% of ICOs in 2017 were scams. In order for the continuing investment in legitimate ICOs, we 'll create a campaign that looks at the anatomy of an ICO scam. We 'll scrape r/ICO with keywords scam alert to track the volume of scam alerts for ICOs over time. We 'll do a case study of some of these posts (100 or more) to find names of companies and country of origin if possible, and look for the amount of money stolen. We could also reference Dead Coins for more info on some of these cases if we needed to. In the example of Prodeum, a fake Lithuanian startup, they took millions of dollars and disappeared, leaving behind the word penis. What other crazy stories will we gain from Reddit? When was the peak of ICO scamming, or are we yet to hit that point?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tidying Up as Therapy  Idea Description: There 's something therapeutic about tidying up and cleaning. Don 't believe it? Ask Marie Kondo of the popular book The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up. She also has a new Netflix show on the subject.Tidying Up with Marie Kondo Is the Reason All Your Friends Are Suddenly Into Folding. - EsquireHow many people experience these therapeutic benefits of cleaning? What kind of people do the dishes or organize their closet when they are feeling overwhelmed? What are the most common triggers of compulsive cleaning and do those who practice these habits experience less stress in their daily lives? Maybe your partner is a compulsive cleaner or maybe they\re sabotaging your minimalist lifestyle goals with clutter.For a news hook, we 'll focus on callouts by gender, generation, and among relationships.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Situation of People Who Shop Insurance vs. Those who Dont  Idea Description: They say that you should shop for car insurance every 6 months ([source](https://www.thezebra.com/insurance-news/3853/7-reasons-absolutely-shop-car-insurance-every-6-months-even-youre-not-buying-car/)). For this campaign, lets survey 500 people who say that they do shop for car insurance with this regularity or better, and 500 people who say that they dont. Lets compare and contrast their financial lives. We could ask how much they currently have in their savings. We can ask them how they describe themselves financially. Do people who shop for car insurance every six months rate themselves better when it comes to their shopping acumen? We could see if it just comes down to confidence in marketplace. We could ask people who shop for car insurance with regularity how much they typically save annually.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Not Enough Time in the Day  Idea Description: This will be somewhat tangential, but we can definitely tie it in with some sleep-specific findings and an overall topic about energy.Many people, myself included, feel like there isnt enough time in the day to do everything they need/want to do. Basically, we would explore how overworked everybody is, how people struggle to balance priorities, how many people have a never-ending to-do list, and (of course) how that affects their sleep as well.Especially by focusing on trade-offs and competing priorities, I think we can find a lot of interesting angles that explore modern American life. Ex: X% of people buy lunch because they dont have time to cook. X% of people are neglecting self-care because theyre too busy doing chores. X% of people arent going to the gym because theyre taking care of children.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Unemployment Plans and Preparedness  Idea Description: Everybody is familiar with the finding that many Americans couldnt cover a $500 emergency. In a similar vein, this campaign would explore (in-depth) the extent to which Americans are prepared for a potential unemployment. We can look at the obvious financial angle of it, as well as the workplace/career/job-hunting aspects of it.What percentage of Americans have a resume ready to go? What percentage of Americans have a plan for how they would find a new job? What percentage have any idea about what kinds of jobs are available at the income level their need to earn?What short-term options do most Americans plan on using if they do become unemployed (saving, personal loan, just not paying bills, etc...) and what percentage have thought about or calculated how long they can stay afloat with their options?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Returning to the Workforce  Idea Description: Due to the demands of life, childcare and those of the pandemic, the experience of leaving and rejoining the workforce is more common than ever. Recent headlines have highlighted that a record number of women are leaving the workforce this year. Using a survey, lets explore the experiences of those who are returning to the workforce to see what obstacles people are facing, and to explore any gender differences. Are women far likelier to feel insecure about rejoining the workforce compared to men? Do people feel employers are not sympathetic/understanding to those who left work for childcare reasons? Lets do some quantitative analysis on positive and negative experiences to see how people have successfully reentered and what common roadblocks are. Furthermore, we can highlight some of these gender differences  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: A Car by Any Other Name  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would run an experiment to explore the value/impact of brand on people perceptions of vehicles. To do this, we would swap car logos between luxury and budget brands and have respondents report on things such as: their perceived value, their appeal to the respondent, their aesthetics/characteristics (classy, modern, sophisticated, etc..), and their perceptions of who might own that car.How much does the brand affect how we think about cars, how much we desire them, and even how we perceive the people who drive them?Some other angles that we can consider adding to it are:Having respondents rate unbranded carsHave respondents guess which cars are from which brandCompare perceptions of cars based on colorCompare perceptions of cars based on topic/scenery/actors in the ad  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Financial Tools Do Americans Use Most?  Idea Description: This is an alternative to the generational credit/loan piece. Here wed use a survey to explore all types of financial tools like checking, savings, mortgages, reverse mortgages, personal loans, home equity, investments, credit cards, hard money, check cashing, etc. - generationally, geographically and credit wise.Since Marcus personal loans are geared towards better credit consumers (and with very competitive rates), we could offer some general advice as to the pros and cons of each tool (short, to the point, easy to read).Its likely that data will reveal a propensity for stronger credit consumers to look to personal loans and we can then explain how personal loans are relatively easy to get and dont tie up your assets....but youll need good credit....I envision lots of graphics here as well  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Should Your Phone Pay your Debts  Idea Description: Debt is something everyone worries about and does their best to avoid. Apps like Digit and ChangEd have started to give people options on how to save and pay their debts off. Both work in the same way: Rounding up your credit/debit card purchases to the next dollar. Digit puts the spare change away in a rainy day fund. ChangEd links to your student loan profile and uses the spare change to pay off your student loans. Let 's survey across generations about how people plan to pay. Would older generations be comfortable using these kinds of services? Are younger generations like Millennials and Baby Boomers scared off by personal loan or just budgeting everything themselves? Have they actually seen a difference in their financial wellbeing? Do consumers overall believe one method is better than the other?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Streaming Saturation  Idea Description: This is the age of content. But now it takes around 15 minutes just to find something to watch these days. It 's also a time where we can be simultaneously watching 5 different shows at any given time, some which are solo guilty pleasures and others shared shows to watch only with your SO. Taking this super saturated market of content, what are the numbers like for the average American? How many shows is the average viewer watching at a time, across how many platforms and different genres? How many days per week are they streaming content? We can also weave in questions like Number of minutes people spend searching for shows each week, as well as relationship-related questions, (fights, arguments or shows we watch without our SO in secret). Maybe we even try to hide how much TV we binge from other people?  <|endoftext|>"
