"Idea Title: WWhat Are You Sacrificing For Your Childs Education?  Idea Description: A recent survey that I ran for Comet showed that:- 41% of parents have had to supplement their income to assist their child financially- 31% of parents are prevented from participating in activities that they want to because of their childs student loans- 33% have been impacted regarding their ability to retire- 56% of parents believe that its their responsibility to assist financially with their childs post-secondary educationUsing this knowledge as a jumping off point, we would dive into the sacrifices that parents are making for their childs college education, and how it affects them. How do the parents feel about the sacrifices that their children are making - are they happy to, are their children grateful, are they happy with how their child is performing in school or their childs major  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Ancestry Testing Affects Identity  Idea Description: Maybe we grow up thinking we are mostly Italian, or in my case, 50% Korean, and instead we find a whole mosaic of different ethnicities within our DNA test results that raises questions. And though I didnt have an existential crisis afterward, it did raise some questions as well as rule out things we had been guessing on for years, it also opened up holidays I hadnt really considered because I felt no connection to them. I wonder how many people have felt affected by these ancestry tests, and if they become more accepting of diversity afterwards. How often do test results change the way we view ourselves and our families? After test results, do we find ourselves adopting other traditions or embracing different holidays? Lets use a survey to explore the identity and cultural changes a DNA test can have.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whos switched to contactless payments?  Idea Description: Before Covid i didnt really use apple pay. But now i get constant push notifications to add my cards to my wallet. I always forget to use it though lolBut lets find out if people are using contactless payment, do they ask if businesses have it? do they prefer it? do they feel safe using it?How many people have upgraded their cads to be tap cards (now credit cards can just be placed on the sensors too) Did people have this before covid? how many people have been on this trend vs how many people are just joining the trend.do people notice more businesses having this now?could add a small supplemental survey to small business owners and see how many people finally bit the bullet and upgraded to contactless payment, have their customers noticed? who still hasnt and are customers complaining?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Can I get ... from ... ?  Idea Description: So many people go onto Google to search for answers pertaining to symptoms surrounding STDs and STIs. Theyre not sure if they have them, and are afraid to ask a doctor, friend or family... For this campaign we would leverage Google Trends to make a similar, but a bit more simple project, to this: https://whydocatsanddogs.com/dogs Instead, we would attempt to find all the little sub-topics and searches people are stringing together via Google. We would differentiate our project a bit by including static assets, and fun takeaways surrounding what people are searching for, including misconceptions and odd questions similar to https://imgur.com/a/6ILoyvQ How many searches are going towards symptoms, myths, questions and other topics? How do countries around the world, or counties across America compare?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sharing Software  Idea Description: How many people have subscribed to a service, just to cancel it after the free trial? How many of us have kept a service for years, even without using it frequently? How many of us share our logins to various services, like SaaS products, not just Netflix or Hulu (covered in another project that did well). For this idea we would survey people on their subscription habits when it comes to apps, software, and services to find out:A. Just how connected we are. And how much that costs Americans per year.B. How old are our longest subscriptions? And how long do we typically go without using them, but paying (lost money from excess subscriptions)C. Subscription mooching, and cancelations 'Ai Just how many Americans are stealing apps and services, or letting their friends, loved ones or co-workers?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Life after Infidelity DNA Testing  Idea Description: Suspicion of infidelity obviously strains a relationship, so infidelity DNA testing can help either confirm or alleviate that concern among couples.What is life like for couples after taking an infidelity DNA test that came back negative? Did it make the relationship stronger? Are they glad they went ahead with the testing?What about for couples in which the test came back positive? Did they stay together? Were they satisfied with that the results confirmed their suspicions?How many people have secretly tested their partners DNA for infidelity? Lets survey 1,000 people to see the extent to which suspicion of infidelity affects the average couple, the lengths to which people will go to get some resolution, and how their relationship or outlook on relationships was impacted by DNA testing.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Cost of Drunk Posting on Social Media  Idea Description: Some experts agree that, alcohol and social media just dont mix. In this project, lets survey 1,000 people about their drunken online behavior to identify the true cost of drunk posting on social media. First, well explore the disaster that is drinking on social media. Are men more likely to drunk DM women? How often do Gen Zers drunk post on Instagram? How many people have argued with someone online while drunk? How many people have regretted what they posted? Next, well examine drunk online shopping behaviors. How much money do people spend online when they drink? What is the most common drunk purchase? How many people end up returning their drunk purchase? Has this become prevalent since the pandemic began? Well breakdown the results by gender and generation for relatable, yet compelling insights.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: All in the family  Idea Description: PITCHED FOR SIMPLYHIRED LAST WEEK BUT STILL: Are people more satisfied working for a company led by family members? Do family fights carry into the workplace? How much of a nightmare is it working for a family?I promise Im not throwing to throw shade, but not everyone has our experience. How hard do people perceive it is to get to the top? Are ceilings lower for family owned businesses, because youll never be in the family? Are some industries especially brutal to work in a family business if youre an outsider? (Im thinking, restaurants). And how much do customers/clients care if a business is family owned or not? Does someone want to shop at a family owned business more or less? This would be a whole campaign about family owned businesses and how that affects both employees and customers  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cat Nap  Idea Description: We 've all probably used or heard of the term cat nap, but does this literally mean people are sleeping with their cats? For this survey, let 's examine pet owners and their sleeping habits, with or without their pets. How many pet owners allow their pets to sleep in the bed with them? Do they get better sleep knowing they have the comfort of an animal, or are they losing sleep because their dog takes up the entire bed? I know my dogs wake my mom up every single morning at 5am for a walk, and she is not happy about it to say the least (even though she bought them stairs to get onto the bed). What are the reasons for allowing their pets to sleep in the bed, or to now allow them? Is it a cleanliness issue, are people in relationships less likely to let their pets sleep with them because the lack of room?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: sin stocks and ethical investments  Idea Description: While ethical investment options have grown significantly in popularity in the last few years, the value of investing in companies that may be morally dubious (defense, alcohol, cigarettes) has remained strong over time. Let 's survey Americans, especially millennials, to see whether or not they even think about the moral or ethical implications of their investments. How many actively seek out portfolios that are ethical in their minds? Do they ask questions to their advisor about this? On the other hand, what do people see as the most morally dubious companies to invest in? Would investing in a high return defense company give millennials the most pause, while Boomers would hesitate investing in cigarette companies? Let 's see where each generation draws the line when it comes to their investments.  <|endoftext|>"
