"Idea Title: False Positive  Idea Description: While it doesnt happen often, sometimes, a medical test can give you a result that is inaccurate. The consequences of a positive pregnancy or HIV test are obviously grave. Lets explore peoples perceptions and behaviors around this topic. How many at-home pregnancy tests do women actually take before they believe the results? How often do people believe false positives happen? [vs. reality] If your partner broke up with you over a false HIV positive, would you take them back once you found out it wasnt true? If your friends had a bad reaction, would you still want them around after you found out you werent pregnant? Would you ever knowingly perpetuate an inaccurate test result? For what reason?https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/woman-selling-positive-pregnancy-tests_us_585838eee4b08debb78a7841  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Surveillance State: Employee Edition  Idea Description: Angle: Surveillance and Work Productivity & WellbeingAmazon monitors their employees with wristbands. It tracks the rate of which they store boxes, if they scratch their head, how long they take in the restroom, all to determine a productivity rate that can be used to fire under-performing workers. For many Amazon workers, this constant surveillance causes serve anxiety, and many fear productivity tracking devices is the future of corporate America. All companies track productivity with various methods, but the increasing use of these methods could disrupt creativity, personality, teamwork, all (kinda) un-measurable qualities that ultimately play a large part increasing productivity. Lets survey employees to find out how employee monitoring affects their soft and hard skills at work and at home.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How I Paid Off $X Debt  Idea Description: Lets run a survey on debt consolidation but the respondents would be tiered. Wed get a sample who paid off $1K, another that paid off $5K, and then another that paid off $10K (potentially higher if Prolific users are really struggling?). From there, all of the questions would be the same for each group, and they would be straight forward on how they consolidated or paid off their debt. How quickly did they pay off their debt? Where did their debt come from? What did they use to pay off their debt (personal loans?)? Wed then identify any trends and offer the Marcus product as a solution to pay off/consolidate the debt. I think there is an opportunity to make this more emotional too by asking what kind of emotions are felt and how much more extreme are they with the higher level of debt someone is in.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Takeout vs. In Store Portion Sizes  Idea Description: Old-school Fractl. With the quarantine in full effect, i 've been getting takeout more and more. I 've also noticed I'm finishing my meals and being hungrier than I aver have before. That 's not because my stomach grew - it 's because at most of my favorite restaurants, they\re not making as much to fill up a to go container. I would estimate this is costing me up to 35% fewer french fries in my Flanigan 's order. For this project, we\d put this to the test at popular fast/casual restaurants. We go in-store, take a food scale, and measure the amount of everything we get, comparing it to the identical to-go order. When you\re watching the person at chipotle, how much more do you get than a to-go order? At panera, how much more soup and salad do you get with a pick 2 when you\re in-store?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Chivalry and Equality  Idea Description: We live in a world where people need to balance chivalry and equality when it comes to dating. Should a man always offer to pay for dinner? Should a woman always offer to split the check? Should a man always hold the door open or should this go both ways. We can survey Americans to find out what things when it comes to dating a man should still be chivalrous about? What would women get offended by or put off to now ( like many women dont want a man to pick them up for a date because they dont know if he is a creep and they dont want him to know where they live.) Which people are truly progressive. Are there guys out there that are trying so hard to be equal that their lack of chivalry is off putting. Are there women out there that preach equality, but want nothing more than a traditional romance?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Crime Problems by State  Idea Description: Using the FBIs 2017 UCR data, lets map the prevalence of crime across the United States. We can pull in 2016 data to look at percent change in total crimes committed, to see which states are getting worse or improving (you can pull in data from even further back if you want more in-depth YoY). Well break down total crimes by different categories ranging from general to specific, from violent vs non-violent, or look solely at Burglary and Property Crime (because burglary odds campaign using 2015 data did well). We can also take the total number of crimes happening in each state and divide it up out of the percent of total by Metro and Non Metro: Which states have the worst city crime rates? Which have the worst rural crime rates? Are you more or less likely to be burglarized in the city? Assaulted?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Is Life like for Disable People?  Idea Description: We could survey people to try to capture the reality of being disabled in the US. We will focus on the hassles of transportation (driving and public transport), housing, discrimination, the slights, damaged systems, and misunderstandings that stop disabled people from living as should be their right. This survey would be intended for people with disabilities and those who live with someone with a disability to get different perspectives on the topic. Do you regularly get help from strangers when traveling in your wheelchair? Do you feel safe traveling in your wheelchair in the streets? Which are the places you feel more comfortable using your wheelchair? How much time does it take you to reach your destination when traveling without any help? How often do you have to rely on someone to help you?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fire in the Home  Idea Description: We have fire data, from FEMA and the NFIRS (National Fire Incident Reporting System) that shows the types of fire incidents, casualties, causes, and more. The data is collected by NFIRS and FEMA from participating fire departments around the US - not all fire departments submit data, and not all the data submitted is 100% complete. However, there are tens of thousands of records and this is the most authoritative database on fire incidents in the US. Lets analyze this data, from 2014-2016 to reveal facts and findings about structure fires in residential buildings in the US. How many civilian casualties were reported? Fire service casualties? Whats the most common fire origin for residential structure fires, and how far do they spread? This is a really rich dataset that we should take advantage of.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Working Too Fast and Too Slow  Idea Description: Speed and efficiency are really important when youre working for most companies, because thats going to influence bottom line overall. But theres definitely a fine line between efficiency and rushing which can lead to horrible mistakes. On this spectrum, where do most American workers fall? Are they moving too slowly throughout the workday, or too quickly? We can create a list of things that happen when people rush (people point out their errors, they get sick/stressed, they completely forget or miss deadlines, leave out details, etc) or go too slow. This project could also include a section about managers, and we can ask them if theyve ever fired a worker for sloppy rushed work or for simply being too slow/inefficient? In what industries are people prone to rush or take too much time on tasks?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Life-Changing Teachers  Idea Description: Who are America 's life-changing teachers? In reflecting on one 's education, it 's likely everyone can think of at least one teacher/professor who made a serious impact on their life.For this idea we 'll conduct a survey of 1k respondents to better understand who and how teachers change lives, one student at a time to provide a positive story that showcases the value of America 's educators in a news cycle revolving around teacher pay and strikes.What grade and subject matter are life-changing teachers most common among? What % of people attribute their career success, educational success, mental health, life outlook, etc. to a teacher? How many life-changing teachers have assisted students out of their own pocket (purchased food or supplies). Who still keeps in touch with these teachers?  <|endoftext|>"
