"Idea Title: Streaming Sports  Idea Description: Sports streaming live events still isn 't as great as the other services such as Netflix, HBO, and other mainstream services. It may still be one of the most boot-legged streaming habits of those who have cut cable. What huge inconveniences come with streaming sports, and how often are people buying cable SOLELY so they can watch sporting events without the streaming hassle? This is a simple survey exploration of this topic, but we can also ask questions like how often do you bootleg a live sporting event? How many sports streaming services do you use, and how does your satisfaction differ with these from mainstream streaming? How often do people watching streamed sports and a lag in connection ruins the experience? Or it 's so slow that your twitter feed is a more reliable source of reporting?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Biggest Tournament Comebacks  Idea Description: Lets use a simple metric from sports-reference.com to determine the teams, seasons, games, and divisions involved in the biggest comeback stories of March Madness.Using the sites advanced Game Finder tool, we can target games from every season and/or tournament back to 2010. Using the points at the end of the half and final score, we can identify instances in which point deficits were overcome.The scope and findings can vary greatly depending on what we are looking to find. Which teams are the comeback kings? Which season had the most comebacks? Which team are victims of a comeback? Largest point deficits overcome? Are comebacks more common for home teams? Do comebacks see higher percentage of 3 pt throws?Can easily adjust for full seasons or tournament games. OR even compare the two.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Makes a True Fan?  Idea Description: This could apply to sports as well if pivoted, but something I always hear in the music community is who counts as a true fan? For example: someone who is not a true fan didn 't discover an artist right when their first music was released. Let 's see the top reasons people don 't consider others real fans. How did fans discover their favorite artist/band? Did they see them live first? Find them on a Spotify playlist? Recommended by a friend? Radio? What are some of the reasons people stop being fans? Live performance was a let down? Change in musical style? Controversial stance on a social issue? How far are people willing to go for their favorite artist? Overdraft their checking account? Cross country roadtrip? International travel? Call out of work when they know they shouldn 't?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: [Personal Finance] Opportunity Cost and ROI of Chores  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would use the datasets that Angela mentioned to calculate how much time/money people are spending on chores.Ex: If you make $X per hour, and your can hire a person to do a chore for less than $X per hour, youre actually coming out ahead as long as you use that time productively.We would calculate the actual cost and opportunity costs by gathering data about the most common chores, the time that it takes people do do them, the amount that they earn, and the cost of having those chores done for you.One super cool aspect of this campaign could be a calculator. You enter your hourly wage and the amount of time it takes to do a chore, and the calculator tells you whether or not its worth doing. Maybe we could also have a variable for how much you hate doing the chore.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Typical Body Type in Different NBA Eras  Idea Description: With the advent of small ball in the NBA, along with position-less basketball, guys with large-and-in-charge body types like Shaq, Alonzo Mourning and Eric Dampier have been replaced with leaner, sometimes even shorter players like Anthony Davis, Draymond Green, even Giannis Antetokounmpo (I did say position-less basketball). For this campaign, lets look at the typical body type of players across the five positions and the various eras of basketball over the last 50 years to see how the body types of changed. My hunch is that the body type was more of an aberration than what we are currently experiencing. You had guys like Kareem and Magic in the 90s that are more similar to what we have today than anything in the 90s. For this campaign, lets see how NBA player body types have evolved over time.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Shaken, not stirred  Idea Description: When James Bond orders a martini, theres a sophistication that adds to his overall vibe. But does that happen in real life? When it comes to others, do you judge them by the drink they order? What does your order say about you? Does this change by occasion? This is similar to a project that Max produced, but we would differentiate by asking for specific attributes associated with each drink. For example, which drink is the sexiest one to order while another is viewed as pretentious or low class? When you order red wine, what are people assuming about you? Have you ever been more attracted/less attracted or generally liked someone more/less based on their drink? We can also add a work element by asking how acceptable each drink is at a work function and including work-related attributes for each.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Investing In  Idea Description: Everyone hears that you should save and invest money, but where is peoples money actually going when they invest? This campaign would be a demo breakdown looking into the ways people invest their money. Do men and women invest differently? What about Boomers vs Millennials? How much money does the average Male Gen Xer have invested and what does the breakdown look like? This campaign will be relatable to readers who will be able to compare what their portfolio looks like (or doesnt look like) compared to their average peer. We can also look into general investing knowledge. What % of millennial know about low-cost index funds vs older generations? Could also possibly look at people who arent investing and ask why not/when they think they will be able to/how that will affect them down the road.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Nontraditional Office Spaces  Idea Description: Something I came across that I found interesting was an article that talked about co-working spaces. When we think about co-working spaces, the idea of a shared office space for remote/freelance workers probably comes to mind. But the idea here is co-working spaces in peoples own homes.Will the idea of co-working spaces, whether it be in someones home, a shared office space, etc., change the idea of opening a small business? Would that make it more accessible if the option to operate your business from home or multiple spaces was more widely accepted?I would want to look into the perceptions of small business owners and how they view co-working spaces. Itd be interesting to compare how much money theyre spending for a space, and if we could potentially find the price of co-working spaces  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Who Walks and Bikes in America?  Idea Description: This project uses the National Household Travel Survey (NHTS). While focusing on the results for walking and biking, we can also look at how person miles of travel (PMT) by travel mode have changed over time. We could break the walking and biking data down by age/generation and income and look at it over time. The survey also asks about purpose of walks/bike rides, and reasons for not walking/biking, so we could look at that by demos to see whats keeping people from walking/biking.The data also has different types of transportation like public transportation (buses, subway, etc.), taxis (including uber/lyft), car, etc. To have more than just two assets we could look at modes of transportation in general and then zoom in on walking/biking. Overview: https://nhts.ornl.gov/person-miles  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Scams During a Crisis  Idea Description: During any crisis, whether small or global, there are bad actors who will find a way to take advantage of people when theyre vulnerable and scared.Americans have been alerted to watch out for a new wave of online scams related to the coronavirus. Just today there have been reports from cyber agencies about scammers impersonating the World Health Organization and sending emails laced with malware to unsuspecting people. I even encountered a phishing scam to get into my bank account holding my emergency savings just this past weekend.Lets run a timely survey about what scams (if any) people have encountered since the coronavirus started ravaging the U.S. We can also ask about any extra security measures people are taking to secure their digital information from being accessed by scammers.  <|endoftext|>"
