"Idea Title: Veterans Health Benefits by State  Idea Description: Depending on where you live, accessing your veteran health benefits may be more difficult than in other states. In a piece by NPR, this issue was highlighted using 2013 data. Lets revive this conversation using 2019 expenditure data, and compare whether or not medical care spending per veteran has gotten better or worse in America. Visuals will include state rankings of where veterans are getting the most of their health benefits per patient and where its the lowest. Using state and county-level data, we can compare which states have the greatest healthcare spending variation by county. Other analysis can include:- Number of veterans enrolled in state VA healthcare system, by state- Number of veteran patients treated by state- American counties spending the most on veteran medical care  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Going From Freelancer to Full-Time Employee  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets explore how former freelancers adjust to a full-time job. What made them want to settle down? After how many years of freelance work are they making the switch to full-time employees? How did they get the job offer? Were they looking for it, or did the opportunity arrived out of the blue? Was it one of their freelance clients who offered them a chance to settle down? Do they like it more? How much more or less on average are they making annually in their new job compared to what they earned doing freelance work?Furthermore, do they miss being independent? What do they miss about doing freelance work, and what do they like about being a full-time employee? What are the most significant benefits of both? How many continue to do freelance work on the side? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Managed by Machines  Idea Description: AI is quickly making its way into human resources and management, already being seen managing stores, restocking product, sourcing freelancers, scheduling Uber drivers, and in at least one instance firing someone.For this idea, we 'll explore peoples\ feelings around being managed by a machine. (To a degree, MTurk users are already doing this). Do you think a machine could do your boss\ job better? Would you work for a machine if it meant higher pay? What if a machine manager learned your work preferences the same way it learns your advertising preferences?If not entirely replaced, what aspect of your supervisor 's role could be replaced with AI?When it comes down to it, does our humanity make us worse managers such as by promoting a friend over the person who is always on time.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: #SpotifyWrapped2018  Idea Description: At the end of the year, Spotify releases a tool allowing users to see their cumulative stats including total minutes streamed, top artists, top songs, top genre, and more. Lets use these results as a handy and accessible data source.With the approaching new year, we can develop a definitive ranking of music streaming in the last year to target all those publisher top X of 2018 lists.We can collect and have MTurk users transcribe stats from #SpotifyWrapped2018 (16k + posts) to see most featured artists/genres/minutes/etc.Secondary to this, we can conduct a brief survey asking users to submit their own stats to be crossed with personality, demographic, music taste preferences, etc.Well garner general music streaming habits with more specific taste preferences by type of person.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hours of TV Viewing Available  Idea Description: There is a show-hours watched calculator called tiii.me which also offers an api that has numerous TV shows and hours of scheduled programming available. We can use this data to figure out how much people are watching TV based on what shows they watched and how many seasons. We can create a survey, using this list of TV shows and corresponding hours, and calculate survey respondent hours spent watching TV in 2019 and cross it/segment it with demographic information. Overall, we 'll be able to see what demo watched the most TV. We could also categorize shows by genre and see which were most popular with which group. Within the survey we can ask questions surrounding the ways people watch TV, which shows they watch over again to see which shows have the most lifetime hours watched by their fans.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: 30 Years of Donor Data by State  Idea Description: In 2017, a total of 42,609 organs were donated. The Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network (OPTN) from the Department of Health has granular registration and donor data by type of organ, gender, year, state, waiting list, age, ethnicity, survival rates, and more. Data from 2018 to 1988.Using their report builder tool, we can identify the states with the most registered donors, the states with the greatest ratio of registered donors to individuals on the waiting list, the top state for X organ type of organ donation, the demographics of people who most frequently die on waiting list, and much more.Based on brief research, the greatest potential news hook may be targeting age and gender disparities in waiting list demographics (eg. women more likely to die waiting for transplant).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Weather Proofing  Idea Description: Using a survey, lets explore how many homeowners put effort and money into weather proofing their house. Fixing and/or improving your roofing is a solid way to make sure excessive rain doesnt seep into your ceiling, but how many people also check for mold to see if leaking water has caused other problems? Do people put valuables in storage areas like basements on shelves, raised from the ground for potential flooding? How many people have upgraded their windows to prevent rain from entering? How many trim trees and landscape in order to reduce damage from bad weather? Including trees straying too close to the roof or power lines? This project will look at the ways homeowners do or dont perform weather proofing maintenance on their house, what they spend, and what weather damage can cost.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Feeling Charitable  Idea Description: There has been plenty of talk about Millennials investing their money not solely to accrue wealth, but to also put money behind something they genuinely care about. This will to do monetary good has sprouted the trend of Facebook donation pages where people can request donations to a cause they care about on their birthday instead of an actual gift. What is the average a single user donates? Are users willing to give more because they actually know the person in real life? What if they only know them through social media, but its a super important cause to them? Which generation is more generous-- Baby Boomers, Millennials, Gen X? Likewise, which generation posts these requests more often? What is the average amount a birthday donation raises and how often do they meet their fundraising goals  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Booziest Industries Over Time (Data from NHIS)  Idea Description: Lets use the already decoded and detailed data from the National Health Interview Survey that provides authoritative substance and health-related information.Which industries and occupations report the highest rates of alcohol use/binge drinking? Which industries are drinking more or less over time? How do average drinks a day or number of drinks a sitting vary by industry occupation? How does this influence their number of days of work missed, level of stress, worry of retirement, broad region, etc?Extract and decode multiple years to see which industries are drinking more or less over time.There is a large variety of variables we can compare across but for this campaign, I suggest a targeted approach to alcohol use vs. work/job/employment/industry data for this specific campaign.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Police  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would survey people about their perceptions of the police. Current Gallup polling shows confidence in the police is in the upper 50s, which is about the 25 year average, but its fluctuated between 52 and 64 in the past 15ish years, but it only scratches the surface. We would ask people a variety of probing, revealing, and unique questions about how people perceive the police. We can look at things like: interactions that people have with the police, their perceptions of law enforcements ability to protect them, their thoughts on the motivations and desires of the police, and other questions that polls like Gallup dont touch on.Heres Gallup, in case youd like to check that out: https://news.gallup.com/poll/213869/confidence-police-back-historical-average.aspx  <|endoftext|>"
