"Idea Title: High at Work  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets survey 1,000 full-time employees on the subject of drug use in the workplace. The attention-grabbing takeaway here will be the overall percentage of employees that go to work high on weed. What percentage get high during their lunch break? Was the bud obtained illegally? How many people get high at work for medical purposes? Whats the likelihood of these tokers getting high at work in the future? Additionally, lets expand past marijuana and inquire about prescription drug use and CBD consumption at work. Does CBD reduce stress when an important deadline is looming? How many people are popping Xanax to ease work-related anxiety? Lets breakdown results by gender, generation, financial success, educational attainment and industry for interesting takeaways and callouts.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: 10x content idea: HIFLD Fire Stations Map  Idea Description: ADT offers fire alarm response as a part of its security services. When these smoke detectors are signaled, call center representatives are required to follow up, often sending out a team to inspect the damage. Triggered sensors in these cases cannot be retroacted and (from personal experience) I 've had the fire department show up at my door during embarrassing cooking mishaps. What felt like a matter of five minutes could very well depend on where you live. HIFLD allows us to pinpoint where firefighters are stationed or based out of, whether personnel are full-time, volunteers, a mixture of both, equipment that is readily available, etc. We\d be able to analyze the gaps in fire safety protection on a national level which could live as an evergreen content piece on ADT 's website.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Community College Perceptions and Access  Idea Description: First Lady Jill Biden recently called for free access to community college and training programs, saying the schools will be an important part of Biden administration efforts to rebuild the economy.In this project, lets survey 1,000 Americans about the perceptions of this notion. What percentage agree with this sentiment? Well see how this train of thought varies between current students, parents, people with different employment statuses and income levels, political affiliation, and more. To people believe community colleges are a powerful engine of prosperity? What are the factors driving support and opposition? Do some graduates believe its unfair because theyre currently paying off loans? Would they be open to the idea if student debt was wiped? We can also ask employed respondents  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Curbing Anxiety  Idea Description: What is anxiety? For those that don 't know what anxiety is here is a brief rundown. Anxiety is a feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease, typically about an imminent event or something with an uncertain outcome.For this particular campaign it would be interesting to see how people that self-diagnosed their anxiety and those that have been diagnosed by a medical professional manage their anxiety. I'm assuming that their will be a vast difference. How many people will choose illicit drugs to curb their anxiety? How frequently are they using these illicit drugs to manage? Also what are the most prevalent causes for anxiety? Is it work, social life, family, debt, etc? Based on what causes peoples anxiety, to they tend to lean towards one treatment method than others? Let 's find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: College Do-Overs  Idea Description: Ill be surprised if this hasnt been done already because its low hanging fruit for sure.For this campaign, we would explore everything that people would do differently if they could redo their college education. Some of the possible regrets that we can look at (a prelim survey will be key here) could be:A different school - maybe one that was more prestigious, economical, further from your parents, or fun.A different major - maybe something more interesting, more lucrative, or more/less difficult.A different set of priorities - maybe you partied too much, or maybe you wish you hadnt holed up in your dorm and studied.A different set up friends - maybe you wish you had or hadnt joined Greek life, or that you hadnt dated that crazy guy/girl from your pottery class.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Soil Interactive  Idea Description: Okay. Going out on a limb with this one. A soil interactive. One asset. I dont know much about farming, the biology of soil, etc... but I imagine, theres a lot that goes into organic farming vs. drug/hormone induced farming aka regular farming. What if we contacted CBD/Hemp farmers who are doing things the right way and surveyed their soil? Then get in touch with folks who farm the conventional way and survey their soil? How about folks who are transitioning their farms. Then lets create some sort of an interactive with those survey results. Additional info can include, who is most responsible for healthy soil? Is it hemp farmers? How long does it take to transition soil? Why should consumers care? If were to go deep with these sort of questions, we could survey a small sample of farmers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Good Ol Budgeting  Idea Description: Feespotter helps businesses stay in control of their finances. On a personal level, how do people manage their own finances today and how does it change depending on their demographics? Are people still using a excel/g sheet ledger to track their expenses? Even with all the tech today, is a good ol spreadsheet the way to go? How many people use apps for this like Mint, etc.? How many people don 't even look at their expenses? How do people rate themselves financially in terms of stability (and what are their budgeting/expenditure habits?) This campaign would aim to explore the ins and outs of budgeting and expense management in today 's tech saturated world. We could get write-in pro tips and create an accompanying asset as a send off that includes these tips that have works for others.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The point of passing it on...  Idea Description: At what age do you expect someone to stop doing certain things around the home? Is there an age where most think we should stop driving, and have someone else drive us around? Is there a age where you, a son or daughter think you finally know best for your parents? Is there a point we, as children, should be ready for? An age? For this idea we would survey people on just that 'Ai The age at which we think the average person should allow someone else to help out with those specific tasks. And why? Is it not about being mentally capable, but more just a physical thing? Is it that they can do it physically, but are at risk of hurting themselves, so maybe shouldnt push it anymore? How have others gotten over the hump of helping their parents or grandparents past these milestones, gracefully?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Frugal Joys and $0 Days  Idea Description: How often do you have a $0 day in which you don 't spend money for 24 hours? And what are the best frugal joys that help you achieve a $0 day?There 's something rewarding about a simple and completely free Sunday gone without spending a single dollar. Maybe you planned it that way with a bike ride, leftovers, and an evening spent in a book. Maybe it just happened by chance and you realized you went the whole day without buying anything.In this idea, we 'll explore both the free or frugal activities that bring us the most joy as well as the concept of a free day or $0 day and how often you go without spending a penny for a full 24 hours.One interesting angle may be to see how many people would be ok with not spending any money on certain holidays, birthday, other occasions, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Investment in Fitness  Idea Description: The other day, Jon treated himself to some new Lululemon workout gear. This was interesting to me because he doesnt really work out, but he said it would function as motivation since he dropped so much cash on the clothes. I also personally justify paying $100 per month on yoga because the cost investment motivates me to actually show up, since the $10 planet fitness cost was just not enough for me to care to go. How does this connection play out for other people? Lets survey people about their workout habits, consistency, and costs for equipment, clothes, memberships, etc. Are those who are shelling out more cash more committed? Or are those who go for a free run in the neighborhood actually more consistent? What is the ideal cost ratio for maximum workout happiness and consistency??  <|endoftext|>"
