"Idea Title: Too Friendly With Co-workers?  Idea Description: Let explore how close is too close for you to be with your co-workers and/or boss in the workplace, and how that correlates with worker productivity, income, perceptions of success, and job satisfaction. How often (and acceptable) is it for employees to to reveal personal info to their co-workers and/or boss (i.e. relationship/family/financial troubles), and is that a good or bad career move? Are people with deeper office friendships more successful at work? Making more money? Getting more done? Significantly more distracted? Where should you draw the line with crossing your personal life with your work life if you want the highest chances of success?(This got 2 yess from an Interview Guys ideation, and I implemented actionable feedback that was given to focus this idea more)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Habits of Highly Successful Remote Workers  Idea Description: Weve produced similar content like this in the past, but for this project lets survey respondents who perceived themselves as high successful or unsuccessful at remote work then dive deeper to unearth their habits. Well start by identifying the aspects that define a successful remote worker. Does this include making a certain salary, achieving autonomy, co-worker/boss relationships? From here, well identifying the habits of each group to provide actionable advice to remote workers across the country. Are highly successful remote workers stopping work on time or taking frequent nature breaks? What tech habits have they adopted to boost their wfh life? We can follow a similar blueprint as https://resumelab.com/career-advice/habits-of-successful-people with hopes of replicating its succcess.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Social Media Dysmorphia  Idea Description: A few months back, we did a similar campaign but it revolved more around self esteem and how body image influences how they use social media. This campaign, however, would revolve around the influence celebrities, trendy diets, and Facetuning have and how those influences impact the way we approach fitness and dieting. For instance, how many people would try diet products marketed by celebrities on social media? How many people use apps to modify their bodies for a post on social media? How many people compare themselves to their friends on social media'Aiwhat about for celebrities? Which celebrities are considered to be the most body positive influences and who are the most negative? Which body parts are most glorified on social media and is that impacting how people choose to workout/diet?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: So, What Do You Do?  Idea Description: Ive talked with other people at Fractl about how much we dread the question what do you do? from others, especially from older generations (my grandparents still dont understand what I do, even though Ive explained it in a multitude of ways). It can be difficult to explain in laymans terms, or we might mislead people into thinking we do something totally different, or well just become frustrated, etc. My hunch is that a lot of people dread this question as well, especiallyyyyy millennials with obscure jobs. Let survey 1,000 people across industries about how they actually describe what they do. Who has the most difficult time, by generation? What industries struggle the most? How many people go out of their way to avoid small talk, just so they can avoid the question?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Effects of Company Contraction  Idea Description: So many companies had to lay off or furlough employees, and repackage and redistribute responsibilities across the remaining team. Even though the world may be reopening more and more each day, how many people are still in their COVID roles, and is it more or less work than before COVID-19? Were they demoted to make room for a senior member who stayed on, or were they promoted? More or less specialized, or an absorption of many roles? How many people who have specialized skill-sets are now in jack of all trades roles? Do they feel like they are fulfilling their potential or just getting by? Are employees worried about career growth due to the roles they had to take on during COVID? Are people concerned about meeting their salary goals in 1 or 5 years due to COVID, and why or why not?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Robinhoods Favorite Stocks  Idea Description: Robintrack.net is a site that tracks how many Robinhood users are holding a particular stock over time. Every hour, the price and popularity for every stock on Robinhood is downloaded from the Robinhood API and stored. By combining all of these data points together, it 's possible to view trends and analyze the ways in which they both change with respect to each other and over time.Using this data, we can determine Robinhood 's favorite stocks of 2020, the stocks most frequently bought or sold in response to COVID-19, and how Robinhood users may compare to retail investors.The data is made available to download. There is moderate-level of coverage from authoritative publishers (see newsworthiness headlines below) but we could dive much deeper offering a more comprehensive look.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Putting Off Home Repairs  Idea Description: A leaky roof. A broken dishwasher. Peeling paint. Some home projects you just cant help but put off every week.Now that youre spending more time at home, these repairs may have become more apparent. And with the added stressors of COVID and the complications of visiting the hardware store or having a repairman over, it can feel even more daunting to work up the energy to tackle these tasks.For this campaign, well explore the home projects that Americans are most commonly putting off.What types of projects are being delayed? On average, how many days, weeks, or months are they waiting before completing a project? How has COVID-19 exacerbated these issues? How do delayed projects vary by the cost to repair? And how often does waiting for repairs end up being even more costly?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Interactive Media and Your Data (a la Bandersnatch)  Idea Description: Black Mirror: Bandersnatch could be Netflix 's secret marketing weapon - the VergeBlack Mirror 's Bandersnatch is the first mainstream interactive movie experience and made waves upon it 's release.Assuming this type of interactive media will become more popular, how would the public if their decisions were to be tracked and analyzed to recommend other content, customize ads, or even sell that data to other retailers for enhanced targeting? Are they open to interactive media for children? Did they enjoy this type of content and do they want to see more?In addition to surveying for these general perceptions and opinions, we can run our own small scale research asking those who have watched the film to share some of their choices and to then determine trends from those choices.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Booking Future Travel for Cheap  Idea Description: With airfare and hotel rates reaching record lows, how many people are looking to take advantage of these prices by booking future travel as far as 2, 4, or maybe 6 months from now? While this strategy may be tempting, it can also be risky due to the unpredictable impacts of COVID-19.In this idea, well conduct a survey of 1,000 people to see how many have made future travel plans in the hopes that COVID will be less of an issue by that time. What kind of trip have they booked? How many months in advance has their travel been booked? How significant were low prices and airfare in deciding to book early? How much did they spend? How much did they save? What will happen if the effects of COVID do not improve by the time their travel date arrives? Will they cancel? Can they be refunded?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Barriers Holding You Back in Your Career  Idea Description: *Repitch with editsWhat financial barriers are holding you back from earning more? Could it be a move to a bigger city with better job opportunities? Enough savings to sustain a new business venture? Education? Maybe you need to purchase new hardware to compete in a specific industry?Whats more, where do you think you would be without these financial barriers/debt holding you back?In this survey execution, we 'll determine which expenses people feel would have the most significant impact on their career. How do financial career barriers vary by age, industry, or income level? And finally, where they see themselves without these barriers/debt.Results will be positioned to promote the benefits of personal loans as a solution for some of these short term financial barriers.  <|endoftext|>"
