"Idea Title: Best Cities To Go After a Break-Up  Idea Description: Lets pull relationship data from the BLS to identify the metro areas with the highest percentage of singles. Next, well scrape review data from Yelps API for cities and states with the highest rated: bars, nightclubs, beaches, yoga studios, massage studios, sightseeing, etc. From here, we can create rankings for the best cities for men and women to go after a breakup. We can color these findings with a short survey of singles whove recently experienced a breakup to explore their openness to travel after a breakup amid the pandemic. What are new singles looking for in a solo trip? What factors contribute to the ideal post-breakup trip? How many took a trip after their breakup and what happened? Did they find a rebound, or perhaps learn something new about themselves? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Infinite AI Graphic-T  Idea Description: This would be an experimental execution, but bear with me. This tutorial shows the process. https://ably.com/blog/iot-wearable-azure-cognitive-services-ablyThe concept is to make a wifi-connected LED text display that is wearable (easily sewn into a t-shirt). This isnt a product idea, just an experiment/stunt type of idea.We would connect the wifi tshirt display to the OpenAI API, where we could use GPT-3 to dynamically and infinitely generate text to display. It could even display responses to ambient sound (the example tutorial shows how an microphone could also be implemented pretty easily)this would be the first example of an AI-enabled wearable shirt, that basically talked via the wearable LED text display, responding with generated responses from GPT-3 to ambient sound.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Money Motives  Idea Description: What are our priorities when it comes to putting ourselves into debt? When money is tight, what important expenses would most people choose to skip? For example, many people neglect their own health, maybe skipping their dentist appointment due to the cost, and will take their pets into the vet without a thought. What expenses do people have that they refuse to get rid of/are willing to be in debt for, even though they know it would help alleviate their financial burden? Another example here is many people have a really hard time parting with their cars, or trading it in for a less expensive one. Do you slash your plans for going out to eat? Ditch your gym membership? What are the first things people are comfortable with letting go/in a financial would you rather what expenses go first?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Driving Abroad  Idea Description: Once upon a time, I rented a car for a week in Ireland and almost died only once (by turning the wrong way into a roundabout, since Ireland is literally nothing but roundabouts). For this simple campaign, let just survey people about driving abroad -- where did they do it, did they research local traffic laws ahead of time, did it involve significant deviations from driving at home (i.e., other side of the road), what surprised them most, would they do it again, etc. We could also somehow slip in the fact that women have always been allowed to drive in the UAE and that it actually Saudi that just started allowing this.As a second part, we can include questions around transportation for hire abroad (taxis, uber, auto rickshaws, etc) and peoples perceptions, experiences, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Holiday Hangovers  Idea Description: Most people adopt a much more lax sleep schedule during a holiday break or vacation - staying up later than usual, sleeping in longer, etc. For this project we would look into how this affects different demos after the holiday break or vacation. How long does it take to get back to their normal routine after a holiday/vacation? What % skip the gym for a week after getting back to catch up on sleep? What % stick to their regular sleep schedule even on a break/vacation? Is it better to get extra sleep during a break, or not mess up the daily return afterwords? Similar to our study on Jet Lag - What is the average period for recovery and how are people coping? Know it 's a tough vertical, but could additionally look into parents keeping kids on a schedule while on vacation/holiday break.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Subscription Nation  Idea Description: We are in the age of subscription purchasing thanks to fun and creative businesses who will send you a box of anything from curated makeup to dog toys, and services like Spotify and Netflix, Amazon Prime and others. How many subscriptions to various businesses does the average American have, including gym and class memberships? How much do they take advantage of or enjoy these things? How much joy do these things bring vs their annual cost? Let 's find groups of people who have an extreme number of subscriptions. We 'll ask for cost per subscription and determine which percentage of our subscription expenses are simply a waste of money. We 'll measure demographic information so we can analyze by how busy people are, how active/healthy. We 'll also segment findings by gender and income.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Deadliest Stadiums Series  Idea Description: This could potentially be a series of campaigns. We would use FARS data and create a geo fence around professional sports stadiums within a predetermined radius. We would look at how many deaths occur on game day verses other days. Which teams have the most traffic fatalities? Do more fatalities happen during night games or day games? What factors are involved? Which teams have the most drug and alcohol related crashes? Which teams have the most pedestrian involved crashes? There is tons of FARS data to take advantage of.To make it a series, apply this methodology to a variety of professional sports. NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL. We can also compare different sports to each other. Is football more deadly than baseball? This could also be expanded into college sports and college campauses.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Savings: Retirement or College?  Idea Description: For this project, we would survey parents to see how they are prioritizing their savings moving forward. More than 35% of parents have either saved nothing for college or do not plan to, according to Sallie Mae 's annual report, How America Saves for College.For those that did stash money away for the children 's college tuition, the average savings was $18,000 -- enough for three months at your typical private college.Let 's see what type/demo of parents are prioritizing their kids over their retirement and vice versa. We can ask peoples reasons for choosing the way they do - i.e.: kids can borrow for college, but parents can 't really borrow for retirement. How many started saving for their kids college, but moved the money to another (retirement or personal account)??  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Average Cost of a Meeting  Idea Description: No matter what industry one works in, youre bound to spend some time in a meeting. While many believe that meetings promote collaboration they can actually turn out to be a fairly expensive overhead cost within an organization. For this project, lets explore how much time employees are actually spending in meetings and gather relevant salary data to calculate the average cost of a meeting. Which industry spends the most money on meetings? Whos spending the most time in meetings? What percentage of those meetings are unproductive? How long does the average meeting last? Lets extrapolate this data to find the average time spent, as well as money wasted, in meetings each year. What percentage of employees believe most meetings are a waste of time? Whos fallen asleep during a meeting?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hygiene Before Bed  Idea Description: Before you go to bed, it can feel quite good to make sure sure both you and your environment are clean, and people have different rituals of how they do these things. For their own physical hygiene, they may do things like take their makeup off/wash their faces, take a shower, and moisturize. For their mental hygiene, or cleaning themselves out, they may do things like journal and meditate before bed. And for their environmental hygiene, they may wash their sheets and pillowcases, put on a de-humidifier, and put away clutter.Let survey 1,000 people about their hygiene bedtime habits for both themselves and their environments. Who getting better sleep: the ones who take measures to clean out themselves and their environments, or the ones who just let themselves crash?  <|endoftext|>"
