"Idea Title: Finances and Your First Job  Idea Description: What was your first job, and how much did you take home each paycheck? How much of that paycheck went to some sort of savings, and what did the bulk of the rest go to? To gas? to spending money for the week? How many people actively saved for college with money from their first job, and how much do they estimate they saved from each paycheck? How old were they when they got their first job, and was it because they wanted some spending money, or their parents made them get a job? What are the best and worst first jobs people had? Do people who got their first jobs at a younger age have better financial skills now than people who were older when they got their first job? Who are the better savers? How much of your paycheck goes towards your savings now compared to your first job?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Unbelievable Sports Movies  Idea Description: Sports movies can be so inspiring and heart warming, and they\re often based on true stories. But which ones can we just not believe were actually possible?Let 's create a list of sports movies based on a true story. Then, among those people have seen, we 'll ask them to rate how accurate or believeable they seemed to be. For instance, how many people say they just can 't believe Remember the Titans, saying it was too good to be true? How many millennials say it just isn 't believable that the US hockey team could beat the Russian 's team in Miracle? Or, that the Jamaican bobsled team could actually qualify for the Olympics in Cool Runnings?WE could also do basic lists of the most watched/most loved sports films by generation or even by sport (ie the Best Football Movie)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Women in the Workforce Globally  Idea Description: As women continue to fight for equality in the workplace, that a victory in one country does not mean a victory in all countries. By combining information from two UN datasets, we can look at female employment trends around the world. The data provides data by country, region, and gender on the labor force participation rate, the unemployment rate, as well as a breakdown between agriculture, industry, and service for the years 2005, 2010, 2015, and 2020. Analyzing this data allows us to see where women are working, what industries they are working in, and how that has changed over time. Global analyses such as these are still important for American audiences, because in our continued quest for equality it is important to acknowledge the struggles or accomplishments of other countries.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Happiest Sports Teams  Idea Description: REBOOT: In the past we 've executed blog posts for Fanatics which explored the happiest teams in sports. For this campaign, let 's utilize the same methodology to identify the happiest teams across the four major sports today. in 2018. The methodology entails pulling player profile images from ESPN.com and then submitting a dev request to run the photos through Microsoft 's Cognitive Emotion Services API. This will enable our team to name the happiest teams and positions in each sport, based on appearances. Perhaps we can juxtapose these findings to salary + team records, and personal stats as well. This piece will serve as solid geo-bait, allowing us to target major cities w/ sports teams and is cost effective.Alternatively, we can pivot to identify the most intimidating teams.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Cost of a Baby on Your Salary  Idea Description: How much does a baby cost you when it comes to your salary? Recently, I wanted an episode of Explained on Netflix, which talks about how the wage gap in todays day and age is more associated with having children, not being a man or woman in the workplace. For this idea we would take a look at the differences in wages, and associate that difference in each industry as \how much a baby costs in x-industry.\ We would look at historical rates from BLS.gov and then run a follow up survey for men and women in various key industries, to look at how a baby has affected them. I heard a story about a woman who is a bartender and made a ton of tips until her pregnancy started to show and her tips declined drastically 'Ai We would tap into a number of hot topics like this, for this campaign.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Home Alone!  Idea Description: What do people do when their partner or family is away? My wife went out of town the other weekend and it was magnificent! I ate chicken wings for basically every meal, watched movies she would hate, and got to do whatever I wanted.For this campaign, well explore sentiment and behaviors among men and women when their live-in partner or spouse leaves town. Are they excited, loney, disappointed, etc...? Do their habits change? Do they take the opportunity to do stuff they normally cant? How many people feel that alone time is essential in a relationship, and/or that theyre not getting enough right now? How do men and women differ in these habits and perceptions?Well also have a write in about peoples best, funniest, worst behaviors while their partner left them home alone.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Biggest Team Turnarounds  Idea Description: The NFL season has just gotten underway but some fans are already feeling a little less than optimistic based on seasons past. But all hope is not lost.This campaign will be based on a simple metric: which teams have gone from having the worst record to the best record in back-to-back seasons? And vice versa.Well export historical season performance data from ProFootballReference.com.Which Super Bowl winning teams had the worst record in the season prior? Which team had the biggest turnaround overall? Which team has won a Super Bowl and then immediately went on to have a terrible following season?If we want to add an extra layer to this, which teams have turned it around mid season? For example, losing the first 6 games but then winning X more the rest of the season.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Entrepreneurship After COVID-19  Idea Description: For anyone aspiring to own their own business, the pandemic has probably in some way altered their plans, maybe even the vision of their company or business. Using a survey of aspiring entrepreneurs, lets look at how many people have had their entrepreneurial dreams delayed or drastically affected by COVID-19. How many feel a delay in their timeline to start? For those who were within their start-up timeline, how did they adapt? Which entrepreneurs in what industry feel the most hopeful and hopeless? This project will be an in-depth study into the state of entrepreneurship in America, with sentiment segmented by generation and industry. Well analyze COVID-19 disruption but well also explore how people may have pivoted or adapted their plans or business model for the pandemic.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Rise of Homeschooling in America  Idea Description: Earlier this year, Forbes covered a national study that found an increase in homeschooling across the United States. For this campaign, let 's continue the conversation by tapping into the the National Center for Education Statistics to identify the change in homeschooling over time, on a state-by-state level. This data set will enable us to explore the demographics of homeschooling and their reasons. Additionally, we can supplement this data with a survey of 500 parents who practice homeschooling (and 500 who don 't, if possible). What subject areas do these parents focus on? Perhaps coding, finances, or other tech-related areas? What are the top reasons parents don 't want to homeschool their child? Financial, or work obligations? Giving their kid a true high school experience?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Rethinking Elder Care After COVID  Idea Description: As many significant COVID-19 outbreaks have been linked to retirement homes and communities, I have to believe many people are thinking twice about where they want to spend their golden years going forward. For this campaign, lets explore the impact that COVID-19 has had on peoples plans and ideas for their retirement years, as well as how people with aging parents are dealing with the potential threat these communities can present to health in pandemics. How many people are wary of retirement homes and communities? Will more people expect to live with family members or children as they age going forward? What things will people be looking for when assessing these facilities now -- added safety precautions, how effectively the facility can implement quarantine when necessary?  <|endoftext|>"
