"Idea Title: Exploring the Health-Wealth Gap  Idea Description: According to the Economic Policy Institute (EPI), income inequality in the U.S. has widened over the past several years. As the wealth gap yawns, lets tap data from the NHIS to explore how socioeconomic factors play a role in health disparities across the nation. How have health outcomes varied between the highest and lowest income groups over time? Is access to healthcare more readily available for high-income individuals? Are lower-income groups more susceptible to obesity, diabetes, stress & anxiety, or mental illness? Do they have lower vaccination rates? How do cultural competence and societal trust differ between high and low-income earners? Lets breakdown variables overtime to highlight trends among various ethnic and socioeconomic groups on both a state and national level.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Power of a Smile  Idea Description: A smile sparks a chemical reaction in your brain that can make you feel happier. Dopamine increases our feeling of happiness and serotonin release is associated with stress reduction. For this experimental idea we would conduct a survey where we prompt people to answer questions about happiness, before and after being asked to smile for a short period of time. We could either A. ask participants mid survey to smile for 20 seconds before continuing, or B. ask different participants who are and are not promoted to smile before answering survey questions. // Flose add-on: Maybe we could also record a sentence or couple sentences where the person is smiling, frowning, neutral, etc... and see how the survey participants perceive them. Are they more inclined to do whats asked of them.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Trust in the Purchase  Idea Description: When online shopping, how much do you trust online retailers that do and do not have certain things? Does trust increase if there are multiple pictures of a product from different angles, or some sort of verified review system, or is it the sheer amount of reviews that matter? If the product is not as advertised or not what you wanted it to be, how likely are you to complain to the retailer or return the item, segmented by retailer size (is it an individual amazon or ebay seller, or a larger shop or corporation?) How likely are they to leave a bad review if theyre even mildly dissatisfied, and what do they expect to gain from it? How much do people trust user reviews now that the trend is to pay for good reviews or give out a product with the expectation of getting a good review  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are Employers/Employees Prepping for a Second-Wave?  Idea Description: I recently conducted a survey that explores how consumers are beginning to prep for a second-wave of coronavirus. In the same vein, lets poll employers and employees alike to find whos preparing for the (potential) second-wave. What percentage believe a second-wave will hit? How are employers/employees hedging their bets against the next phase? Are employers reducing wages, redefining work weeks, or ensuring their financials/paperwork are in order in case the PPP is replenished? Will employers allow workers to return to work? If so, will they implement covid-19 testing? Will they enforce social distancing/cubicles in-office? Are employees learning skills or contemplating a career change? How many are updating their resumes or making new connections in fears of being furloughed?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: American Understanding of Insurance Terminology  Idea Description: When researching a new insurance policy, I realized I didnt understand several aspects of my auto insurance policy and was less insured than I would preferably liked to have been. Educating myself on the many facets of the policy and the true meaning of the fine print allowed me to better understand whether I was getting the best value, opting out of coverage irrelevant to me (save money), and opting in/increasing coverage on items most important to me instead of just accepting the default. For this idea, well explore whether people just do what I did the first time I got coverage--accepting the default recommended plan--or actually put in the time to customize their schedules and understand what insurance jargon means/implies for your finances in the event of an accident.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Post-duty Jobs for Veterans (IPUMS)  Idea Description: Which industries employ the most veterans, and offer the highest pay? Which industries hire veterans with disabilities? Using IPUMS 2020 and 2019 data, we can analyze veteran vs civilian pay across industries, and see how employment and payment differ by whether or not veterans have disabilities. We can also use demographic variables such as age, race and gender to look further into pay gaps or employment inequities when it comes to veterans. There is also a variable that indicates whether or not a veteran has been exposed to combat, so we can use this to deepen the analysis and hit the emotional factor of what its like to face combat and return to civilian work afterwards. We can also analyze how many veterans are on welfare or supplement income through government programs.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Has 2020 Impacted Your Health?  Idea Description: 2020 has meant lots of changes to our daily lives: not going out as much, having to adjust our exercise habits, being more sedentary, etc. So how do people feel about their health as we close out 2020?I think of the line politicians like to trot out: Are you better off than you were a year ago? So let 's ask people is their health better or worse off than it was before COVID-19. We can segment this by mental health, physical health -- maybe even looking at eating habits and sleep specifically. Do people feel like 2020 has aged them by a few years, just from all the stress? How is this impacting how people plan for 2021? Do people have goals for getting on track in the new year? How many people feel their health won 't totally get back to normal until the pandemic has ended?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Habits by Generation  Idea Description: Perceptions of financial literacy and wellbeing vary greatly along generational lines, but how do habits compare & contrast? For this campaign, lets identify the most common financial habits followed by generation and compare these money routines against life satisfaction measures, general wellbeing, and success. How often are you tracking your income and expenses? Whats the minimum amount of cash you keep in your wallet? Whats your spending mantra? Perhaps setting aside $50 for weekly lunches? Whos spending less than they earn every month? Do people read contracts in their entirety before signing the dotted line? How many people review their credit card statement for erroneous errors? Which habits lead to financial success? Which lead to a life of happiness? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Will You Ever Retire?  Idea Description: Mansions on the beach? Gold-plated cutlery? Not so much. Nowadays, we just want to know that were not going to have to work for the rest of our lives. Thus the birth of the Financial Independence/Retire Early (FI/RE) movement, a collective of people with the shared goal of getting their finances in order now so they can retire before age 65. With the stock market looking like its going to bottom out relatively soon (https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/03/upshot/stock-market-is-falling-do-nothing.html?), lets see how many people are growing more concerned with their retirement strategy. Are young people taking the conventional advice and leaving their money in despite current losses, or are they forgoing savings altogether? Are Boomers considering pull out of the market entirely?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fixed Object and Animal Collisions  Idea Description: About 20 percent of motor vehicle crash deaths result from a vehicle leaving the roadway and hitting a fixed object alongside the road. Trees, utility poles, and traffic barriers are the most common objects struck. Almost half of the deaths in fixed object crashes occur at night. Alcohol is a frequent contributing factor. Motorists also run off the road because of excessive speeds, falling asleep, inattention or poor visibility. - IIHS.orgThis campaign examines data form these types of fixed object/animal collisions. The data is provided in easy-to-use summary tables form the IIHS.org and the raw data can be queried from FARS directly for even more granular breakdowns.Data is broken down by state, speed, driver demographics, rollover, type of object struck, and more.  <|endoftext|>"
