"Idea Title: Typical Season for an NBA Player  Idea Description: On my way to work this morning, I was listening to Bill Simmons interview Kevin Durant on his wonderful podcast. At one point, Bill Simmons asked KD the number of games an NBA player typically plays in a season. KD didnt really respond, so I was left hanging 'Ai how many games does a typical NBA player actually play in a season!? Im genuinely interested. Does it vary by the team? Has the number of games that a NBA player typically plays changed ever since the [NBA started the season 7-10 days earlier](http://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/18210509/2017-18-schedule-start-7-10-days-earlier), effectively reducing the number of back-to-backs that players have to play. Has it changed over the years? I have a lot of questions and not enough answers to this seemingly simple topic.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bad Driving Behaviors  Idea Description: Weve probably run similar, but not in a while, and not easily findable, but I want to know how many people are eating, and to what degree of difficulty people are eating while driving. Sure, a smoothie is easy (if thats even eating). Or a Mcchicken or granola bar. But what about a chipotle burrito bowl? And what else are people doing while driving that they shouldnt do? How many people have shaved while driving? Changed clothes on the highway? Done makeup/hair? Played a cell phone game? Videochatted? Instagrammed while driving? Wed get percentages for all of these and hopefully some funny write-ins. One thing that would definitely make it unique is asking people whove been in accidents how it happened. I bet a shockingly low people will take accountability for it.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Visualizing the Nightmare Database  Idea Description: Lets scrape sleepanddreamdatabase.org and conduct a text analysis to identify the most common recurring dreams and nightmares in the database. From here, well provide the designers with elaborate descriptions and transform them into jaw-dropping, custom illustrations. We can supplement these visuals with a short survey to identify what creatures, monsters and demons haunted their dreams. Alternately, what positive aspects did people look forward to in dreams? We produced a similar campaign for Mattress Advisor back in the day but using the database will fully differentiate this one (plus they went to a competitor anyway): https://www.mattressadvisor.com/dreams-look-like/This can also be a partial reboot of: https://amerisleep.com/blog/americas-common-recurring-dreams/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Motivations for travel  Idea Description: Last year I planned a lot of my travel around food, bars, entertainment, music etc, but now after COVID i am looking for more opportunities to travel for nature and outdoor activities. For this piece we will explore how peoples motivations for travel have changed. How many people say they are now traveling for camping or nature? Have they tried this yet? do they think they will forever change how they travel? Have people who have taken these more nature based vacations feeling more relaxed and recharged than they used to be after a vacation?DO they feel they get more qualiity time with their loved ones on these sorts of trips?We could incorporate callouts using client data like how Cabin rentals have increased or changed over the last year (simple callout no detailed data)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wedding Szn  Idea Description: Lets be honest: wedding season kinda sucks. At least it does when all of your friends and family are getting married and inviting you to their special day. It can be expensive to attend weddings, especially as a member of the bridal party. For this campaign we would survey 1,000 people who have attended at least one wedding in the last year. How many weddings have people attended, on average? How much did it cost them to attend the wedding, including travel expenses, accommodations, food + drink, clothing and tux rentals (if they needed it). By surveying both guests, and members of the bridal party, we can break the costs down by specific groups. Well also ask about the location and travel arrangements necessary to attend, so we can account for disparity between respondents.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Stretching Dollars and Lengths Gone  Idea Description: How far out of your way will you go for cheaper gas prices? Do you squeeze every ounce of toothpaste out of the tube? Will you suffer some discomfort to save on your air conditioning bill? And have you done these money saving habits more since experiencing the impacts of COVID-19? Have you reused a disposable mask?For this idea, let 's determine the point at which the cost-benefit scale tips. When do certain money saving behaviors become more hassle than they\re worth? Or make you more cheap than frugal?We 'll find out my proposing a series of common money saving behaviors and scenarios and ask at one point they are perceived each as not worth the effort. We 'll add a relevant news hook by asking how much more frequently people are doing each behavior since COVID.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Life After Running Out of Business  Idea Description: Lets survey people who lost their jobs or businesses due to COVID to find out how they have been able or are trying to come back after it. What percentage of people are looking for jobs within the same industry? What percentage are changing industries? What percentage are looking to start a new business or starting their own business for the first time? What are the most common areas or enterprises to create your own business during COVID? For those not willing to start a new business, what percentage accepts the first job offer to get ends meet? Then, lets see ask about their most significant challenges when trying to come back. Lets ask about their mental health and compare it between those who have children or not, who are in a relationship or are single, age, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Career Ceiling  Idea Description: At what age did people reach their career ceiling? How much earlier or later do you reach your career ceiling when working at a small business vs. a large business? How many think they will never reach their career ceiling?In this idea, well survey individuals to answer questions on their experience and expectations with their career ceiling. What happens when individuals find there is no more room for growth? Do they retrain their skillset or change industries? How has COVID-19 influenced peoples expectations of reaching their career ceiling or if they already have, how has COVID-19 complicated this issue? How many people are interested in pursuing their own business once reaching their career ceiling?Well introduce a small/mid/large employer breakdown throughout.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dating While Disabled  Idea Description: Using Prolific we\d ask people with a wide variety of mental and physical disabilities what looking for love is like for them, and then we\d run a separate survey asking non-disabled people how they\d feel dating someone who was disabled. We don 't have to ask would you date someone with X? flat out if we\re worried about liars, but I know a lot of people would say it would be hard to date someone with a disability, which would make a lot of them shy away from saying yes Do they believe it 's made dating harder? Have people ever cancelled dates or ghosted them after meeting them? Or have they found great success looking for love? Do they ever feel lonely, or scared they won 't find someone? How do these anxieties compare to people who don 't have a disability?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Educational Divide  Idea Description: A lot of people have different thoughts when it comes to what subjects we need to be teaching our kids. Lets see what kind of person prioritizes reading and the arts over math and science, and vice versa. Keeping the arts in schools is a really big ongoing thing, especially with the push to get better than other countries when it comes to STEM courses. What do their kids care about and do well in? Do parents vs non parents care if kids dont like a subject? Do they emphasize math and science to their kids over English or history? How many parents want their kids to be good at subjects they failed in? And how useful/useless do they feel when their child asks for help in a subject they dont understand? (This is a problem with math and science especially)  <|endoftext|>"
