"Idea Title: The commodification of everything  Idea Description: Inspired by everyones favorite family dystopian future movie, WALL-E, we could examine trends across industries towards market consolidation. At what rate are companies getting purchased and absorbed by big corporations? Wal-Mart is the largest employer in 22 states, and pretty much anything can be purchased via Amazon. A lot gets talked about in tech, oil, and drugs, but what about the companies controlling the worlds food supply?The implications of consolidated capitalist systems are vast: from wealth inequality to climate and labor exploitation to market fragility. When markets operate at these scales, its cheaper to fish in the Gulf of Mexico, ship it to China for processing, and ship it back to Boston to sell, than it is to pay local merchants for those steps.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Are You Feeling About Your Commute These Days?  Idea Description: Commuting has looked far from normal for over a year now. More people are working from home, cutting out the need for commuting altogether. The potential for spreading the virus in public places has some reconsidering relying on public transportation. And people who have continued to commute by car may being running into issues with their usual routes due to restaurants and other businesses being allowed to expand their footprint into certain streets. For this campaign, let 's explore how Americans currently feel about commuting. Does anyone miss having that time every day as a buffer between work and home? How many people say that jobs requiring a commute (e.g., requiring them to work on site) is a dealbreaker? How do people feel about using transportation right now?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Parties That Work on Multiple Levels  Idea Description: From time to time, my facebook feed is filled with friends from home (they are ALWAYS friends from home) who have hopped on some kind of MLM train. For this campaign, lets look at how many people have ever been to a multilevel marketing party or event at the invitation of someone (friend/acquaintance selling Mary Kay/ Beach Body/ whatever the kids are selling these days)? Did they enjoy themselves? Get drunk? Buy something? Hop on the pyramid? How did their opinion of the friend/person who hosted change after attending? Did it make them more or less likely to join something like this after attending? Also, what were the social dynamics like at the party and what was both the same or different than normal? Does this vary by major MLM brands and the style of social event?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Biggest Investment Fears (and how to overcome them)  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would survey people about their biggest investment fears and apprehensions. Objectively speaking, making informed and careful investments is a great idea, so why arent some of us (the author included) doing so?We would survey 1,000 people who dont invest about what their fears and apprehensions are, and then (considering who the client is) use data and expert opinions to provide solutions and insight on how to overcome those fears.How many people would invest if they knew it wasnt as risky as they think it is? How many people have a (potentially unreasonable) belief that they could lose all of their money? How many people falsely believe that investing isnt for people like them, or that they need much more money in order to begin investing?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Has WFH Changed Your Housing Priorities?  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore how working from home has impacted how people feel about their homes. Well explore which aspects of their homes theyve grown to love or hate, and how working from home has changed their priorities for upgrades or new homes.Are people working from home in open floor plans hating their decision to buy one? Will people stuck working in the living room be looking for a house with more rooms? Are people who work in a guest bedroom wishing they hadnt set it up as a bedroom instead of an office?Are people making major upgrades in order to work from home? Are house hunters changing priorities (ex: more bedrooms) now that theyre working from home? Is there anybody whos actually moving (in part or entirely) to improve their WFH situation?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Much Should a Date Cost? Does it Matter?  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore spending habits on dates. How much people spend, how spending on dates is perceived, and how (if at all) the cost of a date affects the outcome. Well also explore (to stretch this a bit) the best/worst date activities and the associated costs of each. What are the best cheap dates, the worst expensive dates, the best expensive dates, and the worst cheap dates? Are there any spending choices that are a big downside or a big upside? How do men and women split the costs of a date, and what are their beliefs about that? Are better dates usually more expensive? Does an expensive date pay off, and in what areas (ex: a nice meal vs Chipotle or some BS) does spending a bit more really pay off?How do men and women perceive these differently?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tax Spending  Idea Description: Almost a year into the pandemic, many of us have shifted our spending habits with some industries seeing a big boom in business while others have had less success. Because of this, it would be interesting to survey people about their tax returns this year. How are things different this year? How many people are planning to save their returns? How many dont have that luxury and are planning to spend it right away? When are people filing? Note- we did a tax project in the past, but we released it really far into the season so it didnt do well. This year, tax season starts in mid-Feb so we could either try to newsjack and make predictions (would need to be expedited) OR we could survey once people have filed and figure out how they spent it, the average return, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Body Image post-COVID  Idea Description: Many of us have undergone and sustained dramatic lifestyle changes over the past year. While some people have taken the opportunity to start new workout routines or new diets, many have not (for a wide variety of reasons). A rise in the ubiquity of the sedentary lifestyle combined with most of us spending more time online than ever has likely impacted the average persons body image perceptions in one way or another.This campaign will survey people and gather their opinions about how their thoughts about body image in general have changed over the course of COVID. Are some people more worried about it than ever, while others have relaxed? Do people generally feel that body positivity/neutrality as a movement is catching on, and how do they see that in their daily lives?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Home Hygiene  Idea Description: Similar to previously successful executions around bed and bedtime hygiene, we can look to build a campaign around home cleanliness and how often people are taking the time to tidy up.The core of the campaign centers around the frequency with which people are cleaning their apartments/homes based on various demographic breakdowns. Additionally, we can look into if people clean in anticipation of specific events - friends/family coming over, or more suggestive scenarios such as a date that youre anticipating will end at your place.Ultimately were aiming to gather takeaways that suggest people are not cleaning as frequently as they should - having respondents send in photos of their living spaces as is - something that proved to be impactful in the first iteration.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: AI Transformation Report  Idea Description: Job postings for AI positions are beginning to rise globally, with skills like Machine Learning, AI and Neural Networks in demand. Using data from Statista, lets look at AIs impact on jobs globally and in the US, across various sectors (healthcare, auto, et all), as well as the organizational impacts it makes at the workforce level. Customer service may be a huge beneficiary of AI, but how many employees actually feel this is so? Well use a supplementary survey of employed professionals to compare and contrast AIs influence. How many employees have had experience with AI or related applications? Are they trained or skilled enough to use them? How prepared is our workforce for the shift and do they think it will make their jobs easier, or remove them from the equation/  <|endoftext|>"
