"Idea Title: Sleep Rituals  Idea Description: As children, its normal to have sleep rituals and our parents often support them. Night lights. Ovaltine. Warm blanket. Giant Teddy. Back rubs. Etc... but how long do those rituals last? How do they change overtime? What happens when we get married? Are their weird rituals that were afraid to show or tell our spouse that we still have. This shouldnt be normal things like push-ups before bed. Im thinking weird or odd behaviors in adults. Example: needing to chew on something to fall asleep, ceiling stars, nightmare preventing rituals/cleansing. Listen to the same song every night. Im sure it could get weirder than this. Are there people who had to seek professional help because rituals interrupted their marriage? Who are these weird rituals coming from? Demographics.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Smartest, Dumbest Artists, Genres  Idea Description: Ive seen an analysis on the most intelligent rappers, but it was done a while back. Id like to expand and do an analysis across genres comparing the genres and artists within each one. We could create rankings in each genre, and would give a lot of angles to pitch. We would compile a list of artists from each genre (we could use billboard charts by genre) and do a lyric analysis pulling the number of unique words and ranking them by vocabulary. If possible, we could look the opposite direction and see which genres and artists have the smallest vocabularies and rank them that way too. This will be controversial and could generate pickups.Looks like it was recently updated, but heres the pudding analysis to reference: https://pudding.cool/projects/vocabulary/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Premier League Fan Travel  Idea Description: One of the cool things about soccer/football in the UK is that many fans live close enough to rival cities that they can travel to support their favorite team in away games.For this campaign, well explore the lengths that fans will go (literally and figuratively) to support their favorite premier league team. Well look at details like distance, length, and frequency of travel; travel costs and arrangements; types of games theyre willing to travel for (long standing rivalries, FA cup, important fixtures, etc...)Which teams has the most/least fans that are willing to travel? Which teams fans spend the most/least on travel? Which teams fans are most/least likely to support their team even when theyre not performing well? Which types of games draw the most fans?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Your Privacy Protocol on X Service  Idea Description: Many large corporations like Google, Facebook, and Apple have been in the news over the last 5-10 years for having data leakages, with many accounts getting exposed. Beyond that, their data privacy morals and ethics have been questioned continuously and for good reason. For this campaign, we can ask people (quota for generation and gender) about what different security things they do for different accounts they have, with some questions about facebook privacy and google/icloud password managers among other big corporation privacy tools. At the end of the survey, we could ask people about their trust levels with different corporations. A lot of people, presumably, would show issue with companies like Google and their data privacy, yet do their privacy actions match up?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Being Honest About Drinking  Idea Description: In a previous campaign we found that a high percentage of people lied to their significant other about how frequently or how much they drank alcohol. A majority of people also categorized this as a major lie, the kind that could bring a potential end to a serious relationship. Why is it that people lie to their significant others about how much they drink, and what are the darker truths behind that lie? How many fear they are an alcoholic? Using a survey, let 's analyze people in relationships that drink but aren 't totally honest with their partners about how much. What 's the reality of their drinking habits compared to the perception they create? What fears drive them to lie? How many have families? How many have confessed? How many are hiding an alcohol addiction?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Your Teeth Say About You6  Idea Description: My uncle 's cosmetic dental practice would post before and after photos of patients who improved their smiles with veneers and other dental services. The captions would read with testimonials like I feel more confident at work, and People take me more seriously... It 's no doubt that your appearance affects the way people perceive you, and a smile is no different. For this campaign, we will do a perceptions photo project with a split survey. We 'll use stock portrait images and photoshop their teeth, some being very imperfect and then the opposite. Some smiling and showing teeth, others hiding them. We 'll ask respondents in these groups to measure levels of trustworthiness, attractiveness, intelligence, competence, and success, and measure results of both groups.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What keeps us up at night?  Idea Description: For this idea we would run a preliminary survey of about 100-200 people who say they have had trouble sleeping recently, to find out exactly what keeps them up at night, in 2019? Is it politics? Money? Family? Health? Worrying about a loved one? Relationship issues? Once we have this info, we would determine what the top reasons are, and survey an additional set of respondents on these topics, diving into reasons behind each, and segmenting by demographic of respondent. Why is money keeping us up? Is it for an after hours job? What aspect of a relationship keep us up at night or disrupt our sleep? For this idea we would go from the more general reasons and lists, and dive into the micro-reasons keeping people up at night or keeping them from getting the sleep they need.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tech Security Best Practices  Idea Description: You see those stories everywhere: little girl scared forever of her playroom due to someone hacking their security system. Its a huge issue and something that many people find issue with on their own systems. However, most people struggle to connect to Bluetooth let alone check its a secure network. Right now, I have a pet camera on my home network but BEATS ME if its secure? GULP.Lets survey people on the precautions they take to ensure their camera systems are safe and secure from hackers. Are they aware of company policies about storing their footage? Are they comfortable with Amazon having this access into their home? We can use ADT experts to help form the questions we should ask and create a checklist or how to section for DIY security peeps all over.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Chain Games  Idea Description: This weekend, while watching the UFC fight between McGregor and that other guy, I noticed Odell Beckham Jr.s MASSIVE chain. It was very gaudy and expensive-looking, so Im wondering if we can do a similar analysis on NFL players chains that Adi did with NFL player fashion.Lets scrape for images of NFL athletes and their chains and then we can do an image analysis of these images using MTurk and ask people to judge NFL athletes drip. We can also ask them to provide descriptive words for each piece of jewelry (tasteful, gaudy, wasteful, etc. )Looking into how this breaks down, we can see which players, positions, or sports have the most drip/most jewelry expenditures. We can then ask do these players or sports teams perform better than their counterparts?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Heaviest MLB Players  Idea Description: Piggybacking off the success of the previous Fattest NFL Players project which placed with The Guardian, lets repurpose the methodology for the MLB to find the heftiest players in the game. Lets conduct a historical analysis to see how the leagues average BMI has fluctuated over time. Are players exceptionally larger in the modern-day MLB? Which teams are historically heavy? Do the fatter teams tends to perform better or worse? We can compare past team records and World Series titles secured. Which franchise has the heaviest roster in 2019? We can build an interactive that allows fans to quickly see the lightest and heaviest players on their hometown team. How do BMIs vary by position? Are obese cities more likely to host fatter baseball clubs? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
