"Idea Title: The Ethics of Using My Data  Idea Description: Sometimes I think it 's really cool that my search data is used to improve my searches, but I wonder if that belief is shared by all? Relevant ads following you from site to site because you just purchased something similar makes sense, but does it bug you that your activity is used to form a predictable profile of you online? Let 's survey 1,000 people to see how they feel about the ethics of data usage. What crosses the line? Cambridge Analytica is a big example of how application can make seemingly innocent profile data insidious. Let 's break portions of that down, and see what kind of data and applications in influence are ethical/unethical. What 's useful? And how does usefulness and ethics intersect? Let 's make this juicy by adding in political affiliation.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Michelin Guide for Fit Travellers  Idea Description: An interactive map showing the locations of Michelin-Starred restaurants in the US. There are only 14; we can extend to the UK and Asia if within scope and 14 seems insubstantial. Users can hover over each of the 14 restaurants and see average dish cost, most mentioned dish on Yelp to help with ordering decision, number of vegetarian/vegan/keto/ect. friendly meals that are compatible with their diets, whether chefs are open to customization, ect. A lot of people make a point of trying to have at least one highly regarded restaurant on their itinerary when they travel, and for those who can afford it, its an automatic part of their trip. Or alternatively and more relatable, this could be done with the top 10 most reviewed or highest rates restaurants in major cities.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Worth the Splurge  Idea Description: I feel like identifying a splurge purchase is a vague term that can mean different things for different people. Some might see a dinner out as a splurge, while others think buying a $300 handbag is a splurge. For this campaign, we\d ask people to identify what they see as splurge purchases. We\d break this down by different demos -- gender, income, generation, etc. We can also ask how often, they\re splurging, how much money they spend splurging each month, and how worth it they think their splurges are. And to create a strong connection back to the client we can ask how often people are putting splurges on their credit cards and whether they do that knowing they can pay it off right away or that they 'll be paying for their splurge over the next few months.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Do You Treat Your Nighttime Fortress?  Idea Description: College boys stay changing their sheets once a semester. Its unfortunate. Lets look at how important people view changing ones bedsheets. How often do people do it? What about your guest bedroom? When people come by, are they sleeping on sheets that have been washed once in the last year since its infrequently slept in? How does frequency of bedding washing change depending on whether their pets sleep in their beds, how often they shower, their age, frequency of sexual activity, ect.? What are people comfortable/uncomfortable doing in their beds and what do they allow guests to do. In some cultures, guests rubbing up in your bed is commonplace and expected. In others, its a serious breach of courtesy to enter someones bed and plop your feet on their pillows.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Series Finales by the Numbers  Idea Description: The GoT series finale will happen sometime in late June, and everyones already wondering if it can live up to the shows incredible legacy. Will it join shows like Breaking Bad or Mad Men (incredible final episodes), Seinfeld (notoriously horrible final episode), or the Sopranos (notoriously divisive and ambiguous final episode) in TV history.Lots of outlets (WaPo, Indiewire, Buzzfeed) have done best/worst finale episode listicles, but no one has done it with data. We could use OMDB (api for imdb) to get critical and audience scores for every important series finale of the last 30 years and do a data-driven look at what are the most beloved/hated finales. If we also got ratings data, we could do fun stuff like worst yet most watched or best yet least seen, etc  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Workplace Wellness by Company Size  Idea Description: The CEO of Ragan informed our team that theyre launching a new workplace wellness publication next and is interested in covering data-driven stories around this topic. In this project, lets survey 1,000 employees who work in micro, small, midsized, and large companies to examine how workplace wellness varies by company size. Well ask about work-related measures that encompass emotional, social, financial, physical, and spiritual wellbeing. What does wellness mean to employees at different sized companies? Results should vary drastically by company size given the current employment climate amid the coronavirus pandemic.Whats more, we can sprinkle in questions surrounding employer loyalty, trust, and job security as well to appeal to career-focused writers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Renting for Life  Idea Description: I saw a stat yesterday from the Fed that the median black family 's wealth is 17k, and the median white family 's net wealth is 170k, a 10x difference. The huge, huge bulk of this has to do with home ownership and inherited wealth. But among me and my millennial cohorts - we kinda don 't really believe we 'll ever be able to afford a house. And if we do, it 's because we 'll be inheriting something. So I wonder who 's like me - how do people value home ownership, and do younger people not care as much? How does having children impact your desire to own a home, and who 's planning on renting for life? How many people are waiting for an inheritance to own a home? We could combine this survey with some actual home ownership stats to show how it 's declined over time  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: MVB: Most Valuable Brands  Idea Description: Most of us can take a stab at who the top 3-5 brands in the world are right now, bit can people put them in the correct order, or guess how much money they bring in annually? Using the 2018 Forbes Most Valuable Brands list, we can run a survey and ask people to choose from a list of 10-20 brands and put them in order from most to least valuable, and then have people write in an amount and choose hundreds, thousands, millions, billions, trillions etc of dollars and see how close the avg person is when it comes to guessing the wealth and power of some of the most valuable brands. We can also ask people if they own/use any products or services from each company, to see how integrated some of these top brands are into our lives. How much do they like/trust that brand?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Moving Order of Operations  Idea Description: When you think about moving somewhere, what 's the first thing you do? Do you look for jobs, and then figure out where you\re living? Or do you move without a job and start the search after you move? How do these viewpoints differ by generation, and how difficult do people believe it is to find a job before vs after moving? What are the first things you do when you get there? Do you buy your furniture before moving and have it shipped there, or do you go shopping after you move in? Do you immediately look for grocery stores or restaurants first? Let 's look at the moving order of operations and see how it differs by different demographics including geographic areas. What did people do first themselves, and what do they recommend other moving there do first?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Drugged up Presidents  Idea Description: It seems that Donald Trump has done more for the CBD/Hemp industry than any other president before him, but with his other policy faults, do Americans care? Do Americans consider drug policy when they hit the voting booth? Are there people who vote or dont vote for a president if theyre not supportive of drug policy? Why do voters care about legalizing marijuana? With the 2020 election coming up, we could ask people which of the candidates they feel is most drug-friendly? Which president or prospect would they be most willing to get high with? Why? We could also include what industry those surveyed work in. Might also be cool if we could also include some sort of interactive showing how presidents have voted on drug policy in the last, lets say 60 years.  <|endoftext|>"
