"Idea Title: Sleep Trackers  Idea Description: Not too long ago there was a war, and still is (sort of) on whether sleep trackers are beneficial for you or not. It started trending within the fitness industry but then the rest of the world seemed to catch on to the trend. The goal would be to look at the pros and cons of sleep trackers amongst various individuals with different lifestyles. What are the top used sleep trackers out there? What do most people consider when buying their sleep tracker? Do they find that it aids them mentally in feeling refreshed in the morning or does it create anxiety knowing that they didnt meet their desired sleep quota? We can also break down the different sleep cycles and the % average of people in each stage of sleep, group that information by gender and age groups as well.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mobile Game Confessions  Idea Description: I dont want to know how much time Ive spent playing stupid games on my phone, but its a lot. Ive also gotten completely addicted to certain games, and played games that I would be totally embarrassed to admit I love (Disney Emoji Blitz is fun, ok).For this campaign, well explore peoples confessions about their mobile gaming habits.How many people have played a game at work? While at dinner with friends? While on the phone with their SO?How many people play a mobile game every single day? How many people specifically find time to play their favorite game?What percentage of people regularly play mobile games? Who has the most, and who plays mobile games the most? How many games do people still have installed on their phones that they dont play?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Time Tracking  Idea Description: Many offices use time tracking as a tool to promote productivity, though the majority require manual inputting, making data easy to manipulate and leaving room for error. Lets survey 1,000 people whove used time tracking software and ask about their experiences. 1. How often do they forget to start/stop their timer? 2. Do employees feel more productive or less using time tracking software?3. Have employees intentionally manipulated their timers to inflate/deflate their work stats?4. Have employees experienced negative repercussions as a result of time tracking (ex: getting in trouble for taking too long on a project)? 5. Write in their favorite or least favorite consequence of time tracking (more productive, less productive, privacy concerns, etc).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Better Saving Practices  Idea Description: We all want to save, but how often does that happen? Its important to work out plan for that rainy day. Milennials are more content on noe living pay check to paycheck, paying off loans to be debt free. What is more important to save that needed money or fall into the dream of one day being debt free? We should conduct a 1000+ study on how often different generations save, analyze the best saving practices. Would you perfer to have on hand money or be debt free? What is the best way to save? How much do you have saved? When do you reccomend people should start saving?Its 2019, there is no better time to start than now as 66% of milennials have nothing saved for retirement! (https://money.cnn.com/2018/03/29/retirement/no-retirement-savings-millennials/index.html)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Back to Bundles?-NEEDS REWORK  Idea Description: \xa0With the recent additions to the streaming landscape (Apple TV+, Disney+) and more on the horizon (NBCs Peacock), subscription burnout is rampant. There are just too many streaming services to pay for and make use of right now. Some of us (like creatives in ideation) float the idea of bringing back the bundle, where you pay one flat rate for a smattering of channels and a reduced price. Lets explore the peoples desire for bringing back the bundle.What percentage experience subscription fatigue? Think there are too many streaming services? Think that bundles should come back? What is the most common bundle that people would want? Is it Netflix, Disney+ and ESPN+? What sort of discount would these respondents want for bundling these services together?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Self Care and Work Productivity  Idea Description: In a culture obsessed with the hustle, how many professionals are taking time out for self-care? Is it helping them get ahead - or is the time off making them fall behind?Can you climb the ladder while taking breaks for yourself on the way up? Lets survey 1000 full time workers about their current attitudes toward self care. Do they find it selfish or important to their health? How important is it? Are they devoting as much time to it as theyd like? Is self care a privilege for just the highest earning workers? Or are they most likely to say they dont have time? Are workers who practice self-care more likely to help out people on their teams? We can also ask questions that measure general productivity, confidence, stress, satisfaction at work, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Immigrants and Money  Idea Description: Its very well known that immigrants are extremely hard workers who understand the value of a dollar. Most immigrants come to the U.S. with little to nothing and must work hard to make money and manage their money in hopes of getting their citizenships. It my experience, Ive learned that immigrants are MUCH better with money than those born in the U.S. because of the money knowledge theyve gained from starting over in a new country. Is this the case for all immigrants? Are they truly financially savvy? If not, why do they think thats the case? Language barrier or systemic oppression? Looking into how immigrants make money (owning a business, etc.), manage their money and their financial intelligence would be a very interesting take on money and the workplace.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Workplace Appearance  Idea Description: Dress for the job you want, not the job you have. -- Some of the most common workplace advice I 've ever heard. There are definitely industries (finance, hospitality) that still operate under the idea that you should wear a suit every day. With the rise of the startup/tech sector, though, I feel casual dress is definitely on the rise across all industries. For this campaign, let 's survey employees across all levels of formality -- from no dress code to suits and ties everyday. How do people feel about having a dress code, if they have one? Do the people who don 't have one, want one? Do they judge other people on their work appearance? Do they feel judged themselves? Are there certain things you should just never wear to work, even if there 's no dress code?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Splurging on Sleep  Idea Description: Survey-based execution that quantifies that amount of money spent Americans spent on sleep over the past few years. First, well inquire about the lengths people went to ensure blissful sleep. Once these methods are established, the survey will seek numerical responses to determine how much people have spent on sleep. This questionnaire will probe all aspects of sleep which may include but arent limited to: OTC + natural sleep aids, doctor visits/prescriptions, white noise machines and ASMR video packages, guided meditations, sleep tech (weighted blanket, Fitbit, smart mattress, etc.), and traditional sleep products like pillows and sheets. From here, well breakdown results by demographics like gender, generation, and income level for finance-focused takeaways.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Retaining Your Leadership  Idea Description: Retaining an employee is one thing. In some jobs they come and go frequently and the work can be easily replaced by another employee. In other positions, it might take a little more effort to replace someone who has a niche job or is even management. What does it take to retain leadership in your workplace? For this idea we would survey leaders (managers, supervisors, etc.. anyone besides a shareholder or owner and is above an associate) and ask what benefits they hold highest. Is it the freedom theyre given? The power, authority or respect? Is it the pay? Or is it the simply loyalty and longevity at the job? For this idea we would survey leaders on what it takes to be retained, and what caused them to leave (if they have previously left a management position).  <|endoftext|>"
