"Idea Title: Perceptions of Sleep Aids  Idea Description: The sleep inducing effects of NyQuil pushed them to make ZQuil, a supplement just for helping sleep and not sickness. There 's also been a rise in popularity in using melatonin as an alternative for more powerful sleep aids like Ambien. However, just because these sleep aids are readily available through perscription or a quick drugstore run, does that make them entirely safe? We could gauge people 's perceptions of sleep aids before and after making them aware of all possible side effects. We could also scrape how often people are affected by specific side effects ranging from least to most serious. Would respondents be open to trying more holistic methods? Have sleep aids improved their sleeping habits or have they noticed a give and take in the pros/cons?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Googled Finance/CC Questions  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets use Google AdWords Keyword Planner to identify the most common finance/credit card-related question googled throughout the nation. Well begin by creating an exhaustive list of financial questions encompassing everything from savings accounts to investing in stocks and more... (e,g.: How do I increase my credit line? Where to start investing in stocks? What are the benefits of budgeting? ). This will open us to a variety of angles in the personal finance vertical. From here, well breakdown results by state + search frequency to identify the most-googled financial questions, phrases, and terms. Additionally, well supplement our search findings by tapping money experts over at the Fool to answer the most common questions in the country.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Slacking Off  Idea Description: How many people will admit to scrolling the internet or being on social media during their work day? how does this differ by people who have their own office or word remote vs people who work in more of an open area? Are people sneaking off to the bathroom to check their social feeds on their phone, or are they on their computers? Are they logged into social accounts on a work computer? How many minutes or what percent of their day do they spend doing something other than working, and how does this differ by income, industry, generation, and gender? Who 's the most likely to slack off? To avoid trying to outright get people to admit to bad behavior, we 'll have to phrase it so that we\re non-judgmental and open. (taking a break rather than slacking off)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How to Build a Sports Dynasty  Idea Description: Legitimate dynasties are those who besides having won three or more titles also are teams pegged with personality, superstar talent and consistent winning seasons.https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2640488-15-legitimate-sports-dynasties#slide0That article lists 15 legitimate sports dynasties. We will analyze the teams that meet the criteria mentioned above to try and pin down the elements that most facilitate the formation of a sports dynasty. Is it roster continuity? Is it the capital a team has available to invest in dominant players (and how do salary cap systems effect that)? Is maintaining one head coach/manager throughout the dynastic years a prerequisite? Do dynasties trade for great players more often, or do they draft their great players?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Average 401K Balance by State  Idea Description: I remember Personal Capital having a huge amount of amazing internal data on their customers average 401K balances that was updated and ready for visualization. I see they recently published a little of that data here (https://www.personalcapital.com/blog/retirement-planning/average-401k-balance-age/) but I remember there being so much more.What I think I remember was most interesting was 401K balance over time by state. I could see where average balance increased the most and the least as a result of COVID. For a couple of states, I think average 401K balances even decreaesd.I pitched it a few times but dont know if it has been produced yet. There was an email thread between Meg, Chris, and I on it where the data was shared. Might be worth looking up.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Forgetting Finances & Lingering Doubt  Idea Description: Long story short, I misplaced my cellphone at Target last month and LUCKILY an employee returned it to the lost and found. But I was about to pull the trigger and pay $600 for the same phone when I got it for practically nothing. Was it dumb to opt out of an insurance plan? This made me think about the other outrageous dollar amounts that are put on shoulda, coulda, woulda moments. How many people have paid double (even triple) the amount for a plane ticket because they booked their trip too late? Who is repeatedly falling victim to past due bills and overcharges? Is laziness the top contributor? We could survey Americans about their financial habits, to learn more about the money we\re throwing away because we weren 't thinking about future outcomes.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are You Open About Your CBD Use?  Idea Description: This is based off a finding in another campaign of mine where we found that travelers who use CBD werent particularly worried about doing so, and reported that they wouldnt be embarrassed or dishonest if they were caught using it.Using that knowledge as a jumping off point, we would survey CBD users about how open, honest, and candid they are about using it in various scenarios and in front of various people.Where are they and arent they comfortable using it? Who are they comfortable being aware of their use - are friends and family ok, but co-workers not? Are they hesitant, cautious, or nervous about using it in public places? How do CBD users feel like the general public perceives CBD and CBD users - do they assume that most of us are cool with it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Solving Student Loan Debt  Idea Description: Everywhere I go, it seems as if the only news I hear is about the crazy amount of debt college students owe. On top of that, its been stated that one of the top issues being voted on in the 2020 presidential election will indeed be on how to cancel college debt and deal with the affording of college in itself. Although a pretty hot topic right now, itd be sweet to present all of the information on a graphic from the top presidential candidates on their stance on an array of topics under the financial sector regarding college in general -- different type of loans, college tuition/free tuition, student loan refinancing, etc. In addition, we can do a survey based on the sentiments of this topic on a grand majority of people with varying educational backgrounds.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Predisposition and Health Disclosure in a Relationship  Idea Description: Similar to Lizzy 's Is it Genetic? idea. Recc. combine maybe.-----Is there an obligation to disclose certain medical conditions to a partner? At what point into a relationship should it be disclosed? If you found out a partner had a predisposition to a genetic disease, would it affect your decision to remain in a relationship altogether?We 'll conduct a survey to explore perceptions and experiences, focusing on opinions of what is appropriate in regard to health disclosure in relationships and experience with family planning decisions related to hereditary disease.We could pose some of these extremely difficult scenarios to respondents to see how they would respond. Is it fair to require a partner to take a test to determine genetic disease risk?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Celebrity Fitness Inspiration  Idea Description: Within my lifetime, so much has changed in the conversation around womens bodies, fitness, and body positivity. As a result, women are looking to different celebrities for fitness inspiration. But, how does this differ by culture and nation? What do American fitness influencers look like compared to Russian or Indian ones?Using the Hype Auditor rankings of top fitness and yoga influencers, lets analyze their photos to see what facial features and body features are most common. What is the average face of a US fitness influencer? What do their bodies look like? What do people of different nationalities find most inspiring? What are they modeling themselves after? Is it realistic?https://hypeauditor.com/top-instagram-fitness-yoga-united-states/  <|endoftext|>"
