"Idea Title: Outside the Family  Idea Description: Are people more satisfied working for a company led by family members? Do family fights carry into the workplace? How much of a nightmare is it working for a family?I promise Im not throwing to throw shade, but not everyone has our experience. How hard do people perceive it is to get to the top? Are ceilings lower for family owned businesses, because youll never be in the family? Are some industries especially brutal to work in a family business if youre an outsider? (Im thinking, restaurants). And how much do customers/clients care if a business is family owned or not? Does someone want to shop at a family owned business more or less? This would be a whole campaign about family owned businesses and how that affects both employees and customers  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Canna-Date  Idea Description: Cannabis has rapidly grown in popularity over the years for medicinal and recreational use. With the recent farm bill signed into law by President Trump, industrial hemp has been removed from a list of federally-controlled substances, further expanding the future of cannabis. In a world surrounded by marijuana connoisseurs, how does this affect our dating life? Lets survey people who smoke marijuana (and those who dont) to see their perceptions on smoking mary jane. https://www.cosmopolitan.com/sex-love/news/a43515/smoking-weed-affects-relationships/https://broadly.vice.com/en_us/article/d3g747/people-share-how-weed-can-enhance-your-love-lifeor-ruin-it-weedweek2017https://www.boulderweekly.com/features/weed-between-the-lines/date-not-date-stoner/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Divorce  Idea Description: When couples have everything going for themselves but have a hard time sleeping together, is sleeping in different bedrooms the solution?Strong breathing, body heat, kicks, snoring, different schedules and the desire for personal space are just some of the reasons why some couples choose to sleep apart, whether in separate beds in the same room or separate rooms altogether. For this campaign, lets survey people on if they are down with the idea of having different beds or bedrooms in their relationships. Do they have special arrangements in the bedroom with their partners? Whos on board with sleep divorce? Do couples who sleep in different beds or rooms have better relationships with their partners? Who considers this idea the most? Men or women?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Cost of Working Hard  Idea Description: Many people have to work in order to live - but at what point does work begin to have a negative effect on our health? Do people who work more than 40 hour weeks have a higher rate of any health conditions? What about stress - which can trigger a number of physical problems? Lets take a look at the National Health Surveys to see what type of workers have the most heart problems, stress, blood pressure issues or lack of exercise/diet. What industries are notorious for bad sleep/exercise habits? Which ones have the highest rates of high blood pressure? How many hours are the unhealthiest workers putting in every week? This is an important topic to discuss when we talk about the workplace so that we can collectively work to change this part of our culture.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Secret Spending  Idea Description: This seems like low hanging fruit and I'm sure we 've done it in some capacity, but from the GS brand, I think it would grab headlines still. How many people in relationships are spending secretly from their significant others? How many keep separate spending accounts vs. combined finances, and why? How do couples decide how to allocate their money, and how big of a point of contention is spending in Americans\ households? How many have a strict budget that they go over together, vs. how many just creep on their SO 's account in secret (like I do in Mint).How many share a budgeting app, and what is each couples discretionary spending limit, where they\d feel like they needed to ask permission from their partner before spending a certain amount?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Top Airlines for Sleep Quality  Idea Description: Similar to the previously successful, Top Hotels for Sleep Quality campaign, let 's repurpose the methodology to determine the top airlines for sleep. This will be a mixed analysis where pull user-generated reviews via social media (FaceBook) + Google for the most popular airlines in America. From here, we 'll use QDA Miner to filter for sleep-related terms (e.g., pillows, comfortable, leg room) and tap Watson to conduct a sentiment analysis on the reviews. Additionally, we can survey frequent-fliers, perhaps a sufficient sample size for each airline, and have them describe their sleep experience onboard. Let 's supplement the meta-ranking by asking about the top factors considered while flying and the amenities provided to enhance sleeping mid-flight.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dating Advice, by Generation  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets survey 1,000 Americans about dating advice. Well split the survey into two components: one, asking Gen Zers and millennials about their dating habits and dating advice theyve received from older generations and two, surveying Gen Xers and baby boomers about love mistakes and valuable dating advice they would share to youngins. Are older generations more likely to say relationships are about companionship rather than someone completing you? Do younger generations equate romance with handing your self over to someone? How do dating habits differ between each generation? What age do people think you should get married? What about having children? How often do younger generations simply ignore dating advice passed on to them?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Guilty using benefits  Idea Description: How many people are going to to feel guilty using their benefits post covid? are people going to be hesitant to use their work from home days once their employer opens back up? who is going to not want to take a vaction?And vice versa, who is going to take time off and how much time are they going to take? DO they think it will be difficult to fight their cowowrkers for it? do they thnk it will look bad? what are peoples perceptionscurious as to what furloughed employees who anticipate going back to work will say about all of this toothis idea can be pivoted 2 ways: long term and newsjackinghow many people are aftraid to use this NOW , why wont they ask, what are they going to do for summer vacations, taking time off for mental health etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whos the Real Influencer Here?  Idea Description: from Signs, based off my favorite long article of December - https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2018/12/influencers-are-faking-brand-deals/578401/Turns out a lot of influencers pretend to be sponsored by brands to gain street cred. As Chris pointed out to me, This is genius, and its probably so widespread that its mostly undetected. For this campaign, lets play off the idea that anyone can be an influencer by getting a handful of legit instagram influencer posts with products and then make our own versions with people in the office. We would basically try to clone aesthetics of the photos and have people guess which is the real one, then break down by which verticals are easiest to guess the real one vs the hardest, etc  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Workspace Organization and Success  Idea Description: Ive pitched a similar idea for Porch, but got some good promo feedback.Although I like to start the work day with a spotless desk, the busier and more stressed I get, the more shit I let pile onto the desk. By the time 6pm rolls around, I have crumbs, 3-4 cups, crazy notes scribbled everywhere, etc. It might look like a trainwreck, but its a sign I probably got a ton done. The style of desk cleanliness definitely differs from person to person, but are there are certain industries that are more or less prone to having spotless desks? How does desk cleanliness impact success and ambition? Are you more or less likely to miss deadlines, get a raise or promotion? Is there a connection between goal-setting and organization at work? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
