"Idea Title: Love the Work but Hate the Job  Idea Description: At some point in your career, youre likely to come across the difficult scenario in which you love the work you are doing, but dislike your employer. Or perhaps the opposite; your employer and coworkers are amazing but maybe your day-to-day is an absolute bore. In this idea, well dive into this complex situation to examine how employees navigate these conflicting feelings.Which scenario has an overall more negative influence on your job satisfaction? Which scenario are employees willing to put up with for longer? Do employees more value their employer or the type of work they are doing? In which industries is it most common to love your work but hate your employer or vice versa? How does salary influence your willingness to stay in this scenario?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Joy Riding During COVID-19  Idea Description: Ive never really been one for taking a drive just for the heck of it/getting out of the house, but its looking more enticing now that were all housebound. Lets survey people about whether they like taking a drive just for the sheer enjoyment of being out and moving. Are people more likely to do it now that there are stay-at-home orders out and its one more of the safest ways to be out and about without interacting with people? What do people like about it? How long/far do they do it for? Do they go alone? Do they listen to music or podcasts or prefer the solitude of complete silence? Do they go with other people?A bit of an odd idea, but we can make the connection to COVID but also can keep it more general so it can go beyond the pandemic.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Openness to seeing a counselor  Idea Description: Seeing a counselor for any reason can be difficult to admit you need. People feel like its a sign of weakness, or maybe that a counselor cant actually help.Well for this survey lets explore 2 groups of people: peopl ewho have seen a counselor of any type and those who have not.Of the people who have, what did they see a counelor for, how long? Do they still continue? Do they see someone via telehealth options or do they go in person? Which do they feel more comfortable?Then of people who have never, have they ever thought they needed one? what has held them back from seeing a counselor? What could get them to go?how many people are afraid to be judged by a counselor? Or think they dont need to talk? what demographics are these people?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bank Personalities  Idea Description: Using a personality metric similar to Ryan 's idea up above, let 's create personalities for popular banks? Do people who go to Capital One tend to be more introverted because it 's all electronic banking? Or are they more outgoing because they use the facility to get coffee and chat with friends while they bank? Do people prefer that their bank have luxuries like a cafe or games? Are they more likely to open an account with a bank that offers discounted coffee? Do people think banks just need to be banks and not a social setting? What are those people 's demographics? What does each generation like about their current bank? What would get them to leave and go elsewhere? How long have they banked there? Let 's get demographic info including income.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Business Traveling  Idea Description: Traveling for business is a reality for many, but it means spending nights away from the comforts of your home and routine, and thats bound to have impacts on your mood, productivity and overall well-being. Lets explore that a little more and see just how much of an impact it has. For this wed look at everything from how often people travel, to how much sleep they lose when they do so, the factors that cause them to lose sleep, how that sleep loss impacts their productivity mood, healthy habits they have at home i.e. eating well, exercising etc. Additionally, we can look at if those who travel for work actually make more money and think their experiences are worth the hassle. Bonus if we can explore the long term affects on mental health, as well.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Health Pet Peeves  Idea Description: For those who consider themselves even somewhat health-conscious, how do they navigate unhealthy habits of family members, friends, or even a significant other? What types of behaviors do they overlook to keep the peace, and which totally necessitate saying something or even more drastically, an intervention? Lets look at the most common health pet peeves and the scale in which people rate their health consequences, from minorly unhealthy to extremely unhealthy, such as microwaving your food in plastics, drinking soda, smoking, drinking, eating red meat, sugar consumption, etc ... How many people have had interventions with their loved ones to change habits? How many fights? How far do people go to help their loved ones live healthfully as well?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Why Arent You Sleeping?  Idea Description: The CDC has long had a table that breaks down how many hours one should be sleeping by ones age [link](https://www.cdc.gov/sleep/about_sleep/how_much_sleep.html). And yet, 1 in 3 adults just dont get enough sleep [(Source)](https://www.cdc.gov/media/releases/2016/p0215-enough-sleep.html). For this campaign, lets find out what the common causes for one not getting enough sleep are. What are they doing? Is it their job? Their family? Something with their health? Dark thoughts at night? And why are these things specifically causing their sleeplessness? We could also examine if these people who are not getting enough sleep are fine with the way they sleep. Maybe people who sleep less than 7 hours are fine and dont give a damn what the CDC recommends.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Industries Where Youre Most Likely to Quit or Get Fired  Idea Description: Lets explore the Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey to see where workers are quitting or getting fired at the highest rates. We can also explore how this has changed over time by industry/nationally/regionally.On the flip side, we can see the industries and regions with the greatest number of openings and hires (which could indicate turnover if viewed over time)This will be a simple project, but could reveal hard facts about some of the most feared events in a workers life. You cant predict getting fired sometimes, but you can reduce some of your fears of the unknown by looking at the data. We could also potentially combine this with income data from the BLS to see the highest paying jobs with the most openings/highest hire rate  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: sleep and mental and physical health  Idea Description: Adults who were short sleepers (less than 7 hours per 24-hour period) were more likely to report 10 chronic health conditions compared to those who got enough sleep (7 or more hours per 24-hour period) -- CDC Sleep disorders are potential symptoms of almost every psychiatric illness. About 40% of patients who seek medical help for sleeping problems have a psychiatric condition. Meanwhile, to have a mental health disorder without sleep problems is quite rare: fewer than 20% of mental health patients dont have sleep problems.--TuckBased on this info, we can research the states and different demographics experiencing the most health problems by sleep duration. Kind of like where the healthiest seniors roam, but for all ages and for sleep.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Boost Your Ride/Game  Idea Description: For some reason, guys think that the car they drive or the modifications they make will help them out when it comes to dating. Do women feel this way too? For this project lets ask men and women if they think that certain modifications/cars will boost their game. Now for the female perspective, does a mans car boost or hurt their chances of getting a date? If so, what type of cars are they more inclined to gravitate towards? Are women in the South more attracted to men that drive trucks while women on the West Coast attracted to exotic cars? Lets find out what cars men should and shouldnt buy/modify their cars to get a date. We can also do the same exact thing for men...what cars do men find most and least attractive for women drivers?  <|endoftext|>"
