"Idea Title: Dealing with an STI  Idea Description: Its a sensitive subject, but one worth discussing an understanding. What is life like after you contract an STI? How long do treatments typically take, what does it cost out of pocket, and who do you tell? Are there any life-long complications afterwards? Because the news is buzzing with how drug-resistant STIs are now, lets use a survey to explore what its like dealing with them, from the moment symptoms appear to the moment treatment is over, focusing on how long treatment can take by STI. The survey will have to be extremely carefully crafted but I think with a lower sample size we can absolutely get people who want to talk about this, with the right tone. Well be able to cross this data with CDC data as well as any treatment data out there.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Civilian Perceptions of Authority  Idea Description: For this idea we would launch a survey and ask 1,000 Americans how they feel about authority. From police to politicians, to our bosses at work... Does authority scare us? Do we tense up around police? Do we typically act differently or have an adrenaline rush when a police officer pulls up behind you when youre driving? For this idea we would dig deep into juicy questions to determine a wide range of feelings towards people in power. I see us comparing different types of authority, but then also breaking out assets for each type so we can hit different verticals. Authority types;- Police- Firefighter- Doctor? (maybe)-Lawyer? (maybe)- Military- Supervisor at work- CEO at work- Governor- Congressman- President- More?!....  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Morning Sex Vs. Night Sex  Idea Description: There have been multiple studies on whether it is better to have sex in the evening or morning and how that differs between men and women and age. With this campaign, I would like to explore whether there is a best time of day to have sex that translates into better sleep. How much better or worse do people sleep after having morning sex vs. at night? Lets explore sleep satisfaction, hours of sleep, sleep time, and sleep quality? Who is more refreshed/fatigued in the mornings, productive and active, more or less stressed during the day?Furthermore, did remote work changed the way people are having sex? Are people having more morning sex since working remotely? Are they back to their old habits now that people are coming back to onsite work?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Successful Sports Bettors, by Sport  Idea Description: Lets survey people betting in different sports (NBA, NFL, MLB, NHL) to explore whos the most successful. Are those betting in baseball games earning more money than those betting in NFL games? Lets take a look at what they do differently to get those wins and avoid losing. Whos riskier? Who is more careful with their money? How much time are they spending analyzing players, teams, winning streaks? What platforms are they using to make their bets? Fan Duel? Draft Kings? Where are they getting their latest news on players and teams? TV shows (First things first or Undisputed)? Apps (The Bleacher Report? Yahoo Sports?) Who do they follow on Twitter to get the latest breaking news before placing a bet? Adam Schefter? Ken Rosenthal?Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Growing Up an Addict  Idea Description: When it comes to challenges facing teens today, how would people rank the top 5-10 (bullying, tech, school, family, dating, etc.) and where does alcohol/ drugs fall on the scale? Also, are kids more likely to grow up with the same habits as their parents'Aifor example, how many drinks does the average person consume per week for those whose parents let them drink in the house vs those who were strictly against underage drinking? What are the most common household rules regarding drinking? How often do people drink/do drugs and how often did their parents drink/do drugs in front of them? How many have faced consequences while drinking underage (grounded by a parent, DUI, arrested, car accident, etc.) and how has that influenced their substance use?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ageism at Work  Idea Description: The discussion on ageism in the workplace is nothing new, but it takes on a new significance in the pandemic. Older workers typically have less experience working remotely, and they havent been immune to getting furloughed or laid off. Lets run a survey on ageism at work while weaving in a timely COVID angle. How do people across different age groups feel about their job security? Do people over 40 feel like they have a target on their back for potential layoffs because of their age? Have people witnessed co-workers of a certain age being targeted in layoffs?More generally, what perceptions do people have about age at work? Do young people get condescended to? Do old people battle assumptions that they dont know how to work technology?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Loved/Hated Streetwear Brands  Idea Description: Love em or hate em, streetwear brands disrupted the high fashion market. Supreme, BAPE, Nike, Palace, Cactus Jack, Fear of God, the list goes on and on. In this project, lets do a mixed analysis using SEMrushs Twitter sentiment tool and a short survey to explore the social sentiment of streetwear brands. We can pull tweets directed at these brand and measure the positivity of the content. Which brands have the most positive and negative sentiment toward them? Whats more, we can showcase the top 3 emojis directed at these brands as well. The survey execution will gauge the general public perceptions of streetwear brands. What do they think about this style? Whatre the most a hypebeast is willing to spend on a Supreme tee or coveted collab?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Safest Places In Your Home  Idea Description: What is the safest place in my home in the event of a natural disaster? That is a question that we have all asked ourselves at some point and that we should all be able to answer. But does everyone know?For this campaign, lets use different homeowners experiences and explore the safest places in their homes according to the type of natural disaster.What percentage of people know which are the safest spots inside their homes in the event of an earthquake/tornado/hurricane/flood/storm, etc? What percentage of people are prepared for natural disasters at their homes? What percentage wait until the last minute to start preparing? How do people prepare their homes for natural disasters? How much money on average do they invest? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Close/Far is Medical Help  Idea Description: Depending on where you live, medical attention might be an hour away or more. Living in the most suburban suburbs of all suburbia, I take it for granted that several walk in clinics and hospitals are within a reasonable drive.For this campaign, well use (insert methodology here, maybe Google maps) to determine: how many hospital/ER options people in various areas have and how far away they are.In the average urban area, how long does it take to get medical attention? How does that compare to the suburbs? How long is the average rural American travelling to reach the ER?Well compare areas broadly (ex: urban vs rural) and focus in on some specific/noteworthy areas (ex: NYC, Miami, Dallas, etc.. and some notably small and remote towns)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Losing the Quarantine 15  Idea Description: Health and fitness New Years resolutions always seem to drive people to buy things. In this project, lets survey 1,000 people about their health goals for the new year. What are the most common health/fitness goals? Do people want to lose their quarantine 15 or is muscle gain their primary focus? How do these goals vary between men and women or along generational lines? What percentage plan to spend money on diet plans, vitamins/supplements, fitness equipment, workout clothes, smart watch, etc.? How much money do they anticipate spending? Are people jumping on the hype-train that is massage guns? What trends will emerge in 2021? Will people start yoga or pilates for the first time? What about joining a gym or Crossfit group for the first time?  <|endoftext|>"
