"Idea Title: Do Guitars Make A Good Investment?  Idea Description: Does the thought of investing in guitars sound like music to your ears? Guitars have potential to be wise investments, if you understand the market for them. In this project, well identify some of the highest guitars sold at auction then attempt to locate their retail price using sources like bluebookofguitarvalues.com. The goal is to rank the guitars with the biggest appreciation. Well explore appreciation value for electric, acoustic, vintage guitars and more. Through this analysis we can also unearth the woods, signatures, and brands that retain their value in age. Whats more, we can lean into the experts at North American Guitar to predict which guitars will be hot in the next decade and the ones they see increasing in value now.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Real-Life Career Progressions  Idea Description: Refinery29 has been running a really cool finance series lately called Salary Stories, where women share the details of their career progression and the accompanying raises and pay cuts. Let 's run a targeted survey of people who 've been in the workforce for at least 10 years, while also trying to get decent sample sizes for a variety of industries. Then, we would ask people to chart their career progression. What was their first job, what industry was it in, how much did they make? We\d ask them that for all of the jobs they 've had during their professional career. This would allow us to get takeaways like People in the health care industry saw the biggest salary jump when they\d been working for at least 3-4 years and stuff like that.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Couch Surfing  Idea Description: Couch surfing and staying with friends has always been an interesting idea for me. But, i ALWAYS hate asking friends to stay with them because I feel like an inconvenience or I am in their way. But, this is really a great and easy way to travel sometimes, especially for extended periods of time. So, Let 's survey people on their sentiment on couch surfing and hosting surfers. DO they feel like they are putting people in an uncomfortable place when they ask to stay with them?when hosting, how long is too long to stay?What should house guests do to repay their host?How much do people who couch surf usually spend on repaying their host? COuld they have booked a room instead? Why didn 't they? We can use this to debunk some travel myths.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: My Road Trip Experience  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets ask people to tell us about their road trip experiences. We will focus heavily on the vehicle experience to keep it on brand. Are people using their cars or are they renting one? What car size is the most used, and which is perceived as the most optimal? How many miles of travel makes them decide to rent instead of taking their own cars? Did something go wrong with the vehicle they used? If so, what? Flat tire? Car battery? Brake trouble? Engine failed? Problems with the transmission? Out of gas?On the other hand, what felt right? Car comfort? Good GPS? Solid navigation system (climate control, audio, safety features)? Adaptive cruise control?Is there something they would do differently on their next road trip?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Signature Analysis  Idea Description: For this idea we would collect a wide variety of signatures from politicians (or possibly celebs and more..) and examine the visible characteristics of each signature, categorize them, and determine if there are certain personality traits exhibited, similar to; https://www.businessinsider.com/bill-gates-mark-zuckerberg-handwriting-analysis-signature-2018-6#oprah-winfrey-media-mogul-6 'Ai We would take this analysis a little deeper, by actually running Watson Personality analysis on each of these politicians (or celebs, CEOs, etc..) based on text or transcriptions. Do people with more legible signatures exhibit more conscientiousness compared to those without? Watson gives us a number of personality characteristics to compare across our sample.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Twitch Audience  Idea Description: Last year, Ninja exploded in to the mainstream from live streaming himself playing Fortnite on Twitch. It is estimated that just from Twitch subscriptions, he made hundreds of thousands of dollars a month. So just who is donating all this money? Lets run a survey to find out who is supporting gamers on twitch. Who do they support? How much money do they donate every month? Whats the largest amount they ever donated? Why do they donate to the people they do? Do they learn how to play better? Is the streamer just funny or good looking? How many streamers do people subscribe to? How many hours a week do they watch? Would they be willing to see ads instead of subscribing? Would they watch a streaming show on TV? Lets really explore this audience.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Career Decisions That Matter More than Money  Idea Description: Choosing the right career or position can be a difficult decision, especially when you have multiple career opportunities in front of you. However, this doesnt happen to everyone and sometimes you just have to choose to leave the money factor behind. So, what other factors are important to you? Is it office environment/culture? Benefits? Office hours/flexibility? The passion? Growing opportunities? Educational opportunities? Stability? In the end, these decisions are based on the different realities and priorities of different people. So, lets find out what 1000 people from different ages consider when looking to find a job nowadays. Furthermore, we could find out how and when do different generations make their job searches and decisions.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Odds of Getting Hacked Calculator  Idea Description: Lets tap the data breach & hacks data used to create this awesome visual https://www.informationisbeautiful.net/visualizations/worlds-biggest-data-breaches-hacks/, to determine which days, months, and seasons youre more susceptible to breach. We can harvest data over time and by sector and feed this into a calculator. Whats more, well color these data by surveying 1,000 people whove experienced a breach and hack to identify personality traits of demographic information of those who were hit the hardest. All of these findings will be used to create a calculator where users can enter their internet habits, demo info, and personality characteristics as they relation to online behaviors to determine the likelihood of them being hacked.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Talk  Idea Description: What does a safety talk look like for parents nowadays, and how does it differ depending on whether you have a son or a daughter? I think wed have to focus this to make it have stronger takeaways, so maybe limiting it to having the safety talk with teens (the survey group being current parents with teens). When did you first have a safety talk with them? What did the talk entail? Do you still give curfews? How do they differ between boys and girls? What about letting them borrow the car? When did they first get a cellphone? Was the initial reason for getting a cellphone backed in safety? Does they safety talk include relying on Ubers/Lyfts to get home? The goal of this campaign would be to see what teens are hearing in terms of safety today.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Evolving Auto Industry  Idea Description: GM recently announced it was closing auto plants, and Ford this week is likely to cut 25k jobs. The automotive industry is changing rapidly, and has been in the U.S. for some time, but have auto workers especially in manufacturing been preparing for the changes or raging against it? In these pivotal times for our economy, lets survey auto workers and see how they are planning to weather the changes, if at all. GM also has said it would greatly expand employment opportunities in tech-related jobs especially those using coding skills. Are auto workers interested in learning those types of things? Are any of their employers offering educational programs? Who is hoping to change with their industry - and who is going to become irrelevant?  <|endoftext|>"
