"Idea Title: Every Day Im (Side) Hustlin  Idea Description: It seems like everyone and their mother has some sort of side hustle these days, from driving for Uber to selling essential oils theres no shortage of was to supplement your income, but how much of an impact does it make? For this campaign wed explore all things related to side hustles from the most popular, to how much is being made, why people start side hustles, what theyve been able to do do because of them and even how many people have turned their side hustle into a full-time job. Further, we could explore how much time is being spent on side-hustles and if that effort is actually worth it. It could also be interesting to see what people have to give up to keep up with their side hustle and some break downs by generation and gender.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Find My Friends  Idea Description: Anyone with an iPhone likely knows about the Find My Friends feature. (Not sure if android comes w a built-in feature) So lets survey 1k+ their thoughts on location tracking servicesHow helpful would they rate this feature? Whats something they wish it had that it doesnt currently feature? On average, how many people do they share their location indefinitely with? How do people decide whether they share their location indefinitely with someone or just temporarily? Have they ever decided to stop sharing their location with a specific person? Why/why not?Which situations are these features most useful? Do people feel safer knowing their friends/family know where they are? Has anyone been able to help a loved one who felt unsafe?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Repeat Debt Offenders  Idea Description: Lets run a survey where we ask people who were in debt, paid off their debt, and find themselves with debt again. How much debt were they in before and how long did it take them to pay it off? How did they find themselves back in debt again? Do they wish they wouldve learned from their reckless spending habits previously? Do they feel like theyll ever break out of the cycle? And if they were suddenly to find themselves without any debt, what would be their first move? The goal of this campaign would be to figure out if higher amounts of debt (and the type of debt youre in) has any influence on your future spending habits. Do we learn lessons from struggling with debt or is it simply something we always avoid and it continually compounds?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Job/School Prestige  Idea Description: When you graduate high school, there 's a lot of pressure to immediately go to college, particularly a 4-year university with some sort of name recognition. There 's been rising trends of people starting at a community college for gen eds, or trading typical second education for a trade school education. But there 's a lot of stigma surrounding this. We should ask: 1) why people initially started at a 4-year university2) why they didn 't consider community college/trade school3) do they believe there 's a stigma surrounding the above 4) did they think a 4-year education would provide them with a better job/better quality of life5) do they consider certain jobs/careers that happen post education more prestigious than others  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Experiences > Stuff  Idea Description: Its been said that experiences make people happier than stuff. In this campaign we would seek to validate this statement by asking people to rate the satisfaction/happiness felt for things and experiences in life. For example, a trip, a new couch, sky diving, attending a friends destination wedding, birth of your child, attending a special event, and many many more. We can break down the results by various demographics to see where differences may lie. Do men get more happiness from attending a professional sports game than they do from a new car? Are there regional differences to explore? We would not angle the campaign to be against spending, but rather encourage people to spend on experiences, travel, and important events in their lives.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Proving Myself  Idea Description: When joining the workforce or getting a new job you always feel that you need to prove yourself by putting in the extra hours of work. For this project let 's survey millennials that are just joining the workforce and those that started working at a new company within the past 3 months and ask them how frequently they work outside the office and how many extra hours per week they put in. How does joining the workforce/a new company affect your sleep habits? How does proving yourself affect your current relationship? How many people think that they/their significant other works too much? How long do you have to work at a company to not have to prove yourself? With this we can create a timeline of when people will get more sleep.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Copycat Recipes vs. Dining Out  Idea Description: Recipe blogs and websites frequently come up with copycat recipes that imitate what you can get at a restaurant. During the stay at home orders people made many more of their meals and possibly tried to replicate their favorites.Let 's find the most popular recipes for signature restaurant dishes and find the difference between the DIY version and the real thing. We can create a survey that asks respondents how likely they are to continue cooking at home after coronavirus, then present them with the cost differences and see if that changes their motivationsIf it doesn 't change we can ask about the motivation: Do they hate doing the dishes, Is cooking at home less social than going out, does perceived cooking skill play a factor?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Couple Communication in the Digital Age  Idea Description: These days, we can connect with anyone we want pretty much instantaneously -- we can call, text, email, FaceTime, WhatsApp, Snapchat, etc. at the touch of a button (literally). So you can message/text that cutie from Bumble as much as you want, no roadblocks. However, does this constant contact ever become too much? For this campaign, we would survey people in relationships about how the availability of all of these forms of communication affect their relationship. If you text your SO constantly throughout the day, do you struggle to find things to talk about later, when youre actually in the same room? Are couples who use digital communication less happier than those who use it more? What do people think is too much digital communication?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Texting Miscommunication  Idea Description: Joe R/Gus Idea - You just texted me to see if I wanted to go out tonight. I texted back, Sure. What did I mean? Was I indifferent about going out? Was I begrudgingly accepting going out just because you wanted to? Or was I just saying yes? The meaning behind texts can get lost in translation very quickly. Let 's survey Americans to find out what they think of certain texting scenarios to find out which genders and generations read into text messages more than the others. We could give people scenarios where they would have to interpret the meaning behind the given response and compare it to the real meaning. Also, what default do each of the demographics lean towards? Do they believe most ambiguous messages are negative in connotation?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Art of Car Negotiation  Idea Description: Truecar specializes in finding you the best deal on cars, as a tool for negotiation. But how do people negotiate inside the dealership? How does the number of hours at the dealership correlate to cost savings (can you really wear them down?) And how confident are peole with car negotiations. This would be an interesting split by gender and generation, and we could possibly use truecar internal data to find out on average how much wiggle room the dealerships have. Finally, we could also include an IQ test, similar to Porch 's Kitchen Nightmares, and see who knows about car financing terms, what they mean, and what percentage of people are actually informed negotiators. Would be funny comparing people who have and haven 't bought cars.  <|endoftext|>"
