"Idea Title: How Youre Killing the Planet  Idea Description: There are certain areas of our lives where we waste a lot more than we should, like those of us who take half hour showers, or people who opt to buy coffee everyday, or people who still use single-use water bottles every day. What are you doing that 's killing the planet, vs how much of a priority do you believe saving the planet is? In order to avoid trying to get people to outright admit to bad behaviors, we can word the questions differently and ask them if they do certain earth saving activities and how often rather than asking what detrimental activities they do outright. Are they leaving lights on in empty rooms? do they opt for single use bags rather than reusable? How much of an impact do they believe those little things can make?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Beyond 40+ Hours a Week  Idea Description: For this idea we would determine just how many people are working beyond their full-time job, and when that is... Is it cutting into their sleep? Why do they need to work the extra hours? What sleep quality are they reporting? For this idea we would aim to look at who is working Uber and similar services after their normal 40+ hours, what industries those respondents work in full-time, why theyre working the extra hours, and ultimately their sleep quality after their long day/week. How many hours on average do these participants work in a week? Do they typically work weekends also? Lets explore overtime workers and their sleep habits, while segmenting by type of side-hustle 'Ai Uber, Lyft, Post Mates, Uber Eats, Tutoring, Writing, Etc...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Changes in healthcare careers  Idea Description: When looking at medical school applications at the moment, it becomes clear that there has been a huge rise in applications in this past year, as people have learned to live with the pandemic. However, what does that mean for the future of the healthcare system and its careers? Will more people advocate for better regulations on how many hours residents can work, will there be calls to pay nurses and supporting staff in the hospitals and health care facilities better? Will more schools offer nursing, PA and other programs that help support the healthcare system? Are people considering switching careers and picking up a career in medicine? Or are nurses and PAs looking to move away from healthcare after first hand experiencing the pandemic?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Scariest Investments  Idea Description: For this campaign, well survey people about the emotions that various investments and investment strategies make them feel. How many people get a surge of fear, optimism, uncertainty, etc... when they invest, and how does that vary based on the way they invest?Well survey people who invest in a variety of different asset classes, for different reasons, in different ways, etc... and ask them how they felt in the buildup, during the trade, immediately afterwards, and while theyre holding the asset. Well also ask about the emotions that inform their investments (investing due to FOMO, missing out due to fear, etc...) and other emotion-related aspects of investments.To expand on this, we could compare those emotions to other events.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Passwords, Facial Recognition, Fingerprint, Whats Your Preference?  Idea Description: With so many ways to protect our privacy today on our devices, which one we end up choosing and why?For this campaign, lets explore the preferences of different demos in terms of smartphone security or other types of devices. Lets try to determine whats the best way to secure our devices. Is it biometrics like a fingerprint or a scan of your face? Or a traditional PIN or password? Why are they choosing that option? Are those selecting a fingerprint or face recognition having difficulty creating good passwords or remembering them afterward? Are they using the same or similar across many accounts or devices for those preferring a PIN or password? Which method is perceived as most effective? Which is causing more issues? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Redesigning Living Spaces Because of COVID  Idea Description: COVID-19 has made us change many customs. We have had to adapt our activities to the new normal, and for this, we have had to accommodate spaces within our house to designate it to other activities. What was once a dining room is now also an office, or perhaps what was a family room is now a gym. For example, when we started working remotely, I started working in the dining room table at my house, thinking we would be back in a month tops (little did I know). Six months later, my son (school) and I have taken over the dining room table, and I wonder what changes I could make to avoid invading a commonplace in the house.How COVID has made homeowners reconsider and redesign spaces in their home, and which are the most notorious changes?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: More Steps a Day Keeps the...  Idea Description: Lets survey people who track their daily steps (through an Apple Watch, for example) to determine if higher step counts correlate with healthier habits. We can juxtapose these findings next to people who dont track their steps to determine who leads a healthier lifestyle. Whats more, we can ask those who are tracking their steps about their stress. Does their stress increase if they dont hit their step goals? What are the unique techniques people employ to ensure they meet their step goals? Are millennials more mindful of meeting their goals? Whos taking the most steps per day? Do couples who walk together, enjoy a healthier relationship? Does walking throughout the work day results in greater productivity and morale? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pimp my Ride Confessions  Idea Description: Lets explore how popular customizing your vehicle still is. Which demos are doing it? Why? Who and how much money are they spending on it? What is the average year of the cars these people usually customize? Which are brands getting customize the most? Best cars to customize? Are they customizing new/used cars? What percentage regret customizing their cars? What percentage are embarrassed by the outcome of their customized vehicle? Why? Most popular car modifications: suspension upgrades, turbochargers, sport seats, paint jobs, nitro? Most common car customization fails? How much of an influence are the movies from the Fast N Furious franchise to them?We could ask them to attach a picture of their ride, if possible, before and after.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Perceptions of People on PrEP  Idea Description: Truvada (aka Pre-exposure prophylaxis) is a controversial HIV/AIDs prevention drug that has seen recent waves in the media specifically targeting the LGBT community. PrEP has become a controversial HIV/AIDS prevention among the community because many fear that people who are taking PrEP are more likely to sleep around. This is somewhat reminiscent of when birth control was first introduced in 1960s. Another risk factor that people fear is that people who are on the drug do not wear protection (becoming counter-intuitive). Its now being introduced in commercials but only targets the LGBT community in the ads. How many heterosexual males are considering taking the drug? Are people with higher sexual activity more likely to take the drug?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Third-Wheel Roommates  Idea Description: In some cities, it can be hard to make rent or pay the mortgage AND move toward other financial goals, so more and more couples are getting a third or even fourth roommate to share the load. Lets survey couples who live with a third-wheel roommate or even another couple. Whats their rent/mortgage payment? Are they doing it just to make ends meet or to save for retirement or get out of debt? How has it affected their marriage/relationship? And when do they plan to move out? We could also survey people to see if theyd be willing to live in this kind of arrangement. Like we talked about in ideation today, some millennials think they can never afford a home, but maybe they could if they split the mortgage with a partner AND a roommate.  <|endoftext|>"
