"Idea Title: Not in the bedroom  Idea Description: At the company holiday party, I was the lucky recipient of a Facebook portal and Amazon Echo Spot. Once my wife found out, she made sure to point out that it cant go into our bedroom, strictly out of fear of any of the audio or video deciding to be either broadcast or just generally going where it wasnt supposed to. Where are the places that smart home technology *cant* go for people? Do people have boundaries on where they want technology in their lives? Are they looking forward to full Amazon houses thatll eventually hit the market?Content like this: https://www.theatlantic.com/family/archive/2018/12/smart-home-devices-data-privacy/578425/ terrifies me with the idea of companies having access to this much information about you.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Overcoming Your Physical Pet Peeves  Idea Description: Maybe you have something about your physical appearance that youve always been shy about. We all have our insecurities, but at the extreme sometimes our teeth, facial blemishes, even our weight can keep us from embracing ourselves, even taking a photo or smiling. Using a survey, lets explore these types of physical insecurities and how people found a way to either address them or live with them. Sometimes these decisions are financial ones that people simply cant afford. Did they take out special financing, or save money in order to help themselves finally tackle their biggest body insecurity? I think this campaign will be able to turn the content of insecurity into more of empowerment, and lend this a more positive tone for writers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Legislative Lag 2.0  Idea Description: Net Neutrality has managed to be somewhat prominent in the news, but what other types of regulations are being introduced around tech and are they keeping up with advances in technology?In a survey + data campaign, we can assess peoples attitudes about how regulated tech should be from a functional standpoint (access to internet) and/or implementation standpoint (combating disinformation).Survey questions:Should the internet be treated as a utility? How are we regulating energy consumption for data centers? Something about 5G and available gHz frequencies?Laws regarding robocalls have recently passed, but that feels a bit late to the party.Data pull:Laws currently in committee around tech / misinformation regulation?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: United States of Westeros  Idea Description: Lets create a lighthearted campaign that polls GOT fans in each state to map out the U.S. in Westeros houses or other ASOIAF entities such as the free folk or the dothraki. The goal here will to simply reflect the popular opinion of GOT fans as well as their sentiment toward the other houses. Additionally, lets strengthen the geobait angle by having fans pledge their allegiance to the one true ruler of Westeros. Does Texas think Cersei is most fit to lead? Which states stand behind the Mother of Dragons? Will Alaska side with the Night King and his army of white walkers? Perhaps we can create some attention-grabbing visuals depicting notable castles + landmarks in various locations across the U.S. (Kings Landing in D.C., for example).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hiring Strategies: Application Structure and Criteria  Idea Description: This campaign would look into how hiring managers perceive different aspects of an applicants achievements. Beyond this, we can look at the formats of resumes and cover letters, and ask hiring managers which they find excessive, essential, or just whatever (i.e. including GPA on resume, having a skills section, club/fraternity involvement). We can analyze hiring manager perspective across industries (particularly contrasting health care and technology) and the role they are hiring for (entry level, intermediate, etc.). The goal of this campaign is to go beyond the typical experience vs. education debate, but also account for aspects like application format and the expectation of the quality of applicants based on where they were found.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: A Failing Election System - Who Wants a BlockChain Election?  Idea Description: The primary purpose of this survey would be to ask people about the problems with the current election system. Technical issues and recount issues especially. We would then close by asking about Blockchain based solutions to elections. Well also look at how much stigma plays a role -- we would do a split survey where we ask some people about moving the election to blockchain (and use the name, say its what powers crypto, and briefly describe the technology) and others where we just describe the blockchain without naming it. We would then compare how many people say it could/should be used in an election based on whether they saw/read its attachment to crypto or not (basically, seeing the %age that stigma of crypto plays into this)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Attractive First Responders  Idea Description: When I wrecked my car, all of the firefighters who came to the scene were REALLY attractive. This added to the shame of my ridiculous car accident, but I also shouldnt have been too surprised! Most firefighters are really fit and really hot. Lets create a survey where we a/b test the photos of people (with the same face) wearing different uniforms of public servants: police officers, fire fighters, EMTs, military members, doctors, etc. Which do people find most attractive? Are they more or less attractive than plain clothes civilians? How does this differ between men and women?We could also test for how trustworthy, nice, etc. different people seem.This is a light hearted campaign and might be better for DV - security.org  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Job Openings, Hires, Layoffs by Industry - BLS.gov  Idea Description: Using newly released data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics monthly job openings and labor turnover report, we can conduct an analysis of employment changes between blue-collar and white-collar industries across a number of different factors. The June 9th report will include statistics for April 2020.Included in this report are monthly number of job openings, hires, quits, separations, and layoffs in both actual employment number changes and rates. Data can be segmented by broad industry.Data shows statistics for the last 5 months of each new release to give us a detailed change in employment over time.This data is likely to be widely reported on but it is unlikely anyone is doing a blue-collar vs white-collar analysis.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Biggest Sports Fans in TV and Movies  Idea Description: This would be a movie analysis of how sports fans are portrayed in some of the most famous movies and shows. Which fictional character is the most obsessed with sports? Take for example Jimmy Fallons character in Fever Pitch. He almost loses the love of his life to his obsession with the Red Sox. In How I Met Your Mother, various characters are die-hard fans of their teams. What teams have famous and fictional fandoms? Which sports commonly crop-up as the object of obsession? Using research collection from articles and various sources, well compile the biggest sports fans from the screen, use image-tagging to determine the intensity of these characters fandoms, and quantify the teams and types of sports that are being idolized.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Building Trust on the Internet  Idea Description: Have you ever entered a sketchy website and immediately force quit your browser? In this project, well create and/or pull website home page images of varying quality and A/B test them to identify what features elevate or kill consumer trust. We can test variables such as SSL certificates, image quality, fonts, load speed, CTAs, colors, and more to build a comprehensive guide for winning over consumer trust and loyalty. Well color this analysis by designing a questionnaire to further explore the intersection of web design and consumer sentiment. Are consumers more likely to exit a site if the website copyright is outdated? Does a visually appeasing interface matter? Do consumers trust a website thats easy to navigate? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
