"Idea Title: Balancing Workload & Breaks  Idea Description: How are people managing their time effectively while keeping their mental health in check on top of putting 100% effort at work everyday? Sometimes in the office we see people who walk around a bit more then others, go outside for phone calls, taking extra long bathroom breaks, cigarette/vape breaks or a long meal to break up the monotony of the day to day. How do people perceive others who do these certain things: are they seen as less committed to the company and not as hard working? How many employees are taking advantage of their breaks and how does it differ from employees required to clock in/out versus those on salary? Are people who take the least amount of breaks making more money, have a bigger workload and/or more stressed?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Reasons for Unemployment - Data from the BLS  Idea Description: The BLS offers some interesting survey data and statistics related to reasons for unemployment and reasons for not seeking unemployment benefits.Reasons include job loss, temporary employment, temporary and non-temporary layoffs, job leavers, reentrants, and new entrants and is available to be broken down by year, month, gender, and duration of employment.With this data, we can find how layoffs vs job loss affects ones duration of unemployment, the evolving reasons for unemployment over the last few years (less job loss more job leavers perhaps), difference in reasons for unemployment between young people vs older, by gender, and seasonally.An additional table includes reasons for not applying for unemployment benefits.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are Internships That Important? (Combined with above)  Idea Description: From Forbes: Only a third of college graduates had an internship during college where they were able to apply what they were learning in the classroom. But those who did were twice as likely as those who didn 't to have a good job waiting for them upon graduation. Why are internships not a requirement for all students before graduating? Let 's survey recent graduates and learn about their experiences preparing to enter the workplace. Let 's compare the outcomes of those who went through an internship and those who did not. Furthermore, let 's ask them about how well prepared they felt coming out of college, if they were able to apply that knowledge during the whole hiring process, and their biggest struggles while job searching.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Big Brand Benefits and Downsides  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore the top reasons why people rely on sites like Amazon over their smaller competitors. The ultimate goal will be providing small business owners, marketers, and other stakeholders insight and data into the sentiment of consumers nationwide and how they can use those to their own advantage. Well also explore the downsides and conflicts that people feel about big brands compared to small businesses.What are the most common reasons why people shop at big brands like Amazon? How important are factors like reliability, familiarity, return policies, free and fast shipping, product selection, etc... to consumers? What are the downsides to big brands, and the conflicted feelings that people feel about them?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Look at Me, Im the Boss Now  Idea Description: In this project, let 's explore employee perceptions of boss preferences. Do employees prefer hiring proven, outside talent, or would they rather be managed by a seasoned company vet who climbed the ranks? What percentage believe that promoting within beats hiring from outside? How does this train of thought vary by company size, industry, generation and gender? Which method is better for scaling/growing a business? What are the benefits and drawbacks of each preference? For example, hiring within requires less training while improving company loyalty and bolsters company image. In which scenarios does it make sense to hire from the outside? Perhaps when innovation has plateaued? What about when leadership is lacking in experience?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Does Each Procedure Cost?  Idea Description: For this campaign, we 'll survey people about what they think various medical procedures cost. Procedures will range from cheap and simple (physical at GP) to severe and cost/labor-intensive (life-saving surgeries, emergencies, organ replacements, etc...) and we can also include the costs of supplies and medications.We can also throw in a few questions about medical cost transparency, price gouging, etc.. to explore how the public feels.There are resources regarding prices (ex: here 's a Health Market Index https://healthcostinstitute.org/in-the-news/hmi-2019-service-prices) that we can compare perceptions to.How much higher or lower are estimates than reality? Which procedures/expenses are the most and least accurate?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Importance of Family Time  Idea Description: Family time is important to most families but the frequency of the manner of its existence varies from family to family and has changed over time. This project would aim to explore what family time looks like for different types of families: how important is it - are family vacations more important that weekly sit-downs for a movie or game night? How often did parents have dedicated family time with their parents? How does this differ by type of household (single parents vs two parent), generation/age, number of kids, how the parents upbringing was, type of neighborhood they live in - urban/rural/etc.), how much time they spend on their smart/mobile devices every week, etc. Does a group chat with just family qualify as family time?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats Keeping Americans Awake at Night?  Idea Description: Inspired by this Google Search trends study: https://www.mattressfirm.com/blog/sleep-tips/whats-keeping-americans-awake-night/, lets conduct a national survey to determine what thoughts, actions, or distraction are keeping Americans up at night. Is stress over job security or an upcoming promotion/raise costing employees the most sleep? Are finances or relationship troubles on the minds of people instead of counting sheep? Additionally, lets explore how certain habits may lead to poor sleep quality. Does cheating on your parter, stealing from a friend, frequently swearing, or trash talking your coworkers keeping you up at night? Lets map sleep lost by stressor or habit to identify whats keep Americans from each state up at night.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tech Security Gaps  Idea Description: Although most Americans have installed security tech in their home, how confident do they feel in using it?Lets survey 1,000 Americans about their knowledge on home security, why they lack knowledge and if they believe home security tech is useful overall. Questions we could ask: Do you have a home security camera?Do you know how to use a home security camera?Do you know how to install a home security camera?Do you know how to use a digital panel? Have you successfully installed a digital panel?How do you feel about monitoring your home 24/7?Do you know how to use a wireless keychain remote?Do you think home security is more useful than other methods?etc. (going into the why and their thoughts on safety)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Road Trip Confessionals  Idea Description: If you have ever been on a road trip I hope you are close to the people you are on a trip with. If not things can become very awkward. For this campaign, we can have a road trip confessional and see the things people have experienced while on road trips. How many people have peed in a bottle? Pooped on the side of the road? This led me to wonder, what are the most annoying things you can do on a road trip? What is the least annoying? By the same token, who are the people you would most and least want to go on a road trip with? How many people have been in a fight that ruined the entire trip? How often does that happen? Definitely focus on things that would be surprising in headlines, like bodily functions, sex, snacks, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
