"Idea Title: Confessions of a Mall Santa  Idea Description: Tis the season for character-actors to suit up in the red outfit & fluffy white beard and hit hundreds of malls across America to the delight of youthful spirits looking to give jolly Saint Nick their Xmas wish list. This will be a confession-style campaign dedicated to hearing out the stories of shopping mall Santa Claus throughout the nation. What are the strange, hilarious, warming, or heart rendering stories kids have told to these Santa imposters? How many children have selfless wishlists? Have tipsy mums ever hit on the man in the red suit? Whats the worst thing Saint Nick has accidentally said to kids? How many of these actors drank on job? Has the holiday job built up or destroyed their view of humanity? Lets hear it all!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confessions on a Mall Santa  Idea Description: Tis the season for character-actors to suit up in the red outfit & fluffy white beard and hit hundreds of malls across America to the delight of youthful spirits looking to give jolly Saint Nick their Xmas wish list. This will be a confession-style campaign dedicated to hearing out the stories of shopping mall Santa Claus throughout the nation. What are the strange, hilarious, warming, or heart rendering stories kids have told to these Santa imposters? How many children have selfless wishlists? Have tipsy mums ever hit on the man in the red suit? Whats the worst thing Saint Nick has accidentally said to kids? How many of these actors drank on job? Has the holiday job built up or destroyed their view of humanity? Lets hear it all!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dreaming About Your Co-Workers  Idea Description: We spend a lot of time with our co-workers 'Ai About 33% of our day (Monday'AiFriday) is spent with them. And if we look at that via hours-awake, it 's more like 50% of our time. So how close do we get with our co-workers? Do we go out with them after work? Do we become facebook friends with them? Or do we typically not like to cross that line? Further, do we dream about our co-workers? For this idea we would explore the inner-workings of office friend/relationships? 'Ai We would explore questions surrounding habits, the line one might not cross with co-workers, and dig deeper into situations, like dreaming about work and co-workers. What types of interesting insights can we reveal about workplace habits with this in-depth look?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I dont know who needs to hear this, but get your tires rotated  Idea Description: An important part of owning a motor vehicle is properly taking care of the vehicle. Those who avoid regular oil changes, tire rotations, and checking air pressure can do serious damage to their vehicle and increase the risk of losing control of their car on the road.Despite the danger, it 's a common joke among many young people that we don 't take care of our cars at all. How true is this? Let 's run a survey of young people (age 18-30 or so) who own cars and ask them how often they avoid basic car care (and for how long). We can present the findings like Here 's how many other people on the road with you probably haven 't checked their tire pressure in over a year. We can also break down results by demographic and car type.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Buying Drugs Online  Idea Description: Lets survey people who buy medication online on the reasons why they do it (or tried it). Wed find out who tries to bypass perceptions, and if it worked. What techniques do people use that dont have a prescription (e.g. order in a friends name?). Lets also see who orders medication out of state (e.g., marijuana products) or internationally (Canada, Europe, etc. e.g. for medications not approved here). For people who tried to order, were there any consequences? Did it work? Heres an article on a medication network from the Netherlands https://www.cnbc.com/2018/10/03/impatient-patients-turn-to-online-buyers-club-for-new-drugs.htmlWe could include dark web drug buyers, but Im not sure if people would actually admit to that.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Too Sick to Work  Idea Description: There is a belief that many people hold that if youre not immediately vomiting or passed out, you should still go to work. How many people would delay treatment for an illness or injury in order to go to work first? after being diagnosed with an illness or injury how long do people wait on avg before coming back to work? Or do they work from home while they heal? How does this differ between industry, gender, and generation? How sick do people believe you have to be in order to miss work? (and how does that differ across demographics?) How does this differ across workplaces in different industries? (workplaces penalizing you for taking a sick day) How many people will knowingly go to work contagious in order to avoid a sick day?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Drugged & Maybe Tested?  Idea Description: Date rape drugs (GHB, Rohypnol) are such a problem that these days companies have developed products such as wristbands and color changing drinks to help people identify unwanted drugs in their drinks. Though, people are still being drugged; I have known several people that have had their drinks spiked, been given false pills, all in order to make them lose control over their bodies. I want to look at what situations these people report being drugged, who drugged them (if known) what they do if they get drugged, what age this happened to them, etc. I want to tie into healthtestings initiative by including a survey question/mini asset about how many people decide to go to the hospital and get tested because they dont feel right.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: PPP Perceptions  Idea Description: Broadly speaking, we would explore perceptions of the Paycheck Protection Program.Is it ripe for misuse and abuse? Is it fair? Which aspects of it were handled well, and which aspects were handled poorly? Is it having the intended effects?We would gauge the experiences/perceptions of people whove been affected in various ways: Unemployed, Employed thanks to PPP, Employer who received or didnt receive PPP fundsAnd we could explore various aspects of the PPP program: How the funds were disbursed, how big/small dispursed the funds (was their favoritism towards their larger clients, was it a good idea to have banks handle this, etc..), how much funding is available, whether or not the disbursements have been fair, etc...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Trends in Birth Control  Idea Description: The CDC has so much data on birth control methods across the years. We can examine the data and look for trends over the years. Additionally, it includes top methods of birth control (BC) for women ages 15-44 over the span of 13 years. It also broken down into the women marital status. We could determine how many unmarried ladies use what birth control; how many married ladies use what method the most. This dataset also shows data that the number one type of contraceptive for first time intercourse was a condom (for both male and females). There is also data on unintended pregnancy by year. We could look at the rates of contraception during a specific year and compare it to the rates of unintended pregnancy for that year.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Spot the Fake Influencer  Idea Description: Based off my favorite long article of December - https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2018/12/influencers-are-faking-brand-deals/578401/Turns out a lot of influencers pretend to be sponsored by brands to gain street cred. As Chris pointed out to me, This is genius, and its probably so widespread that its mostly undetected. For this campaign, lets play off the idea that anyone can be an influencer by getting a handful of legit instagram influencer posts with products and then make our own versions with people in the office. We would basically try to clone aesthetics of the photos and have people guess which is the real one, then break down by which verticals are easiest to guess the real one vs the hardest, etc  <|endoftext|>"
