"Idea Title: Skills that Improve After a Glass of Wine  Idea Description: Lets conduct a survey thatll hit a few of the verticals the client is interested in in one fell swoop. Alcohol is affectionately called Liquid Courage by the people who know it, and in smaller doses it can also be a confidence enhancer and calmer of nerves. Lets ask people to pick from a list of skills and hobbies that are oriented around the home - think different kinds of home repairs, lawn care, knitting, woodworking, etc etc. Once theyve picked what they do from the list, lets ask them to rank their ability on average, and then their ability to do the same thing after a glass of wine/their alcohol of choice.How many people think their skills improve? Which skills are most liable to improve? Wheres the cut-off?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Where Should You REALLY Vacation With Your Kids?  Idea Description: Disney World. Legoland. National Parks. Every year (every normal year, that is), hordes of parents with kids in tow flock to a small handful of American cities and attractions to make memories and appease the children. In some (many) cases, these trips are mediocre or even stressful experiences for all involved. Can families avoid disappointing vacations by selecting less disappointing destinations?This campaign would survey a broad sample of people to gather information about their favorite and most memorable childhood vacations. Additionally, the survey would ask parents which vacations they took with their children that they were able to enjoy alongside the kiddos, and which vacations the children seemed to enjoy the most.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employment Bounce Back  Idea Description: According to a news release from the IMF, the U.S. economy is growing at the fastest pace since the 80s. Using various data tables from the BLS, lets put together a report using 2021 data analyzing where the bounce back is happening most significantly. A recent data table shows New Mexico has had a significant jump in employment, followed by Oregon (Table D: https://www.bls.gov/news.release/laus.nr0.htm) but we also know that Hawaii and New York were hardest hit when comparing year-over-year figures; how are they recovering? Lets use various state-level employment figures from BLS reports like this ^^ along with industry-level data on weekly earnings changes, hours and employment to see where were recovering the fastest.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I Should(nt) Buy a Boat  Idea Description: One of my favorite memes is the I Should Buy a Boat Cat ([reference](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/i-should-buy-a-boat-cat)). For this campaign, let 's incorporate the essence that lives within this cat and survey people who have made a major impulse purchase sometime recently. By major, I mean a purchase of something worth $5k or more. We would collect an adequate sample size of people who paid for that stuff out of pocket, as well as people who had to take out a personal loan in order to buy whatever they wanted. Do the people who took out personal loans regret their purchase more or less than those who paid out of pocket? What type of things did each group buy? Which group perceived their purchase to be more costly?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Anxiety While Flying  Idea Description: 18% of the population in the US suffers from anxiety disorder. I personally dealt with my own form of travelers anxiety as a child when I saw armed body guards at Charles de Gaulle Airport. How are Americans coping with anxiety while flying? Are people with more anxiety pre-flight check in hours early? Do they bring comforting items with them (Pillow, stuffed animal, xanax, mini liquor bottles)? Are people traveling alone or with kids more likely to be anxious? How many people are meticulously planning their holiday vs travelers going with the flow while on vacation? Are people more worried about the unknown and the potential interactions/people they might meet more then anything? Do people who fly first class have less anxiety?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Transfer Transcript  Idea Description: We see a college transfer constantly -- from community to university, university to university, small college to large college. I know I myself transferred from FAU to Rutgers for just one semester (I realized I made a mistake and came right back to Florida). Even though I lost 12 credits and was paying more in tuition, none of that mattered at the time because I just wanted to move back home. Let 's survey college transfers to get a behind-the-scenes look at college transfers. What are the reasons they transfer? Were they influenced by an external factor? Was it always their plan to transfer, or was it a rash decision? When is transfer season for most students? Are they more likely to transfer during a certain year/semester?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Timeless Plays, Ranked  Idea Description: For this project, lets dig up experts lists of the greatest plays/moments in sports to create an expansive for each league (focus on the four major sports). Next, onboard a freelancer to gather YouTube links of these historically significant moments as requisite research for the analysis. By pulling Youtube viewer counts we can determine the present-day popularity of the greatest plays in sports across all leagues. Additionally, we can task our dev team to scrape the comment sections of the most viewed videos and conduct both a sentiment + text analysis for extra insights. If scope permits, we can explore plays by era and highlight player-specific stats in the form of obnoxiously large callouts (to satisfy client preferences).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Myths (BUSTED)  Idea Description: In a now-trending news story, a California woman recently swallowed her engagement ring in her sleep.This reminds me of the popular myth (?) that the average person swallows 8 spiders a year in their sleep. We can explore peoples beliefs in popular sleep myths. How many people believe in them?There are also different myths about sleep in different cultures/parts of the globe. For example, in Brazil some people believe sleep paralysis is caused by Pisadeira, a woman who sits on the chests of people asleep on their backs (source: https://www.bustle.com/p/4-creepy-myths-about-sleep-paralysis-that-will-keep-you-up-at-night-12613994)If possible, we could compare the number of people who believe in a myth by country.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Service-Connected Disability, by Period of Service  Idea Description: The Department of Veterans Affairs released their annual report in July of 2020 (for 2019) which provides granular data on service-connected disabilities and compensation, specifically disability due to an injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated during active military service.Using this data, we can examine the most common disabilities associated with specific periods of service. The periods of service listed are: World War II, Korean Conflict, Vietnam Era, Gulf War Era, Peacetime Periods.Further, disability data is provided by age and gender and shows specific monetary compensation for service-connected disabilities over time. Additional data shows compensation by disability level from 0% to 100% disability.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dangerous Medical Devices  Idea Description: Medical devices dont go through the same scrupulous approval processes as drugs, and not surprisingly, there are a lot of injuries and even some deaths caused by medical devices. Using the Medsun and/or MAUDE reports from the FDA, lets see what types of devices have caused the most deaths and injuries. We can look at this over time and see if it has changed. The data includes brands AND device types so it would be easy to describe the products without implicating the manufacturers. We can even take a look at robotic devices used primarily for surgeries. They are supposed to be less invasive and more accurate than human hands for delicate procedures, but how often are they leading to error vs. traditional surgeries?  <|endoftext|>"
