"Idea Title: The Great British Bake Off, by the Numbers  Idea Description: Similar to the Fixer Upper campaign and other campaigns where we analyzed TV shows, let 's look at the underlying data we can pull from The Great British Bake Off or as it 's known to my wife and I, what we watch when there 's not hockey on. The show has an international following, as Americans and the UK alike tune in to watch Paul Hollywood glare at bakers. We could catalog the number of times participants were star baker, who won the most technical challenges, who was the most consistent/least consistent baker in technical challenges, what flavor combinations the judges like/dislike the most, what their most common critiques are, what technical challenges are re-used, how the weeks differ from season to season and more.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Believing big data  Idea Description: Let 's do a data-driven campaign all about the power of data, with the aim to quantify how most people interact with data, and how believable content is when there are numbers behind it. Further, we would survey to understand how people understand their own data is being used by brands they use, and how much they care. We\d survey people on their own skills with data, do a/b testing to compare information with and without different kinds of data (for instance, I wonder if people believe people are 2x more likely vs people are 100% more likely). We could ask how much people understand, believe, etc. We\d continue by asking abougt people 's personal data, how much they hide/obfuscate their data, and how much they care.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Politically Reserved  Idea Description: Where do you feel most self-conscious about your political views? Traditionally, people have remained tight-lipped about their political affiliations in the workplace, around friends, and in their neighborhoods. Thats not really the case anymore. So, then, where do we feel most insecure about sharing our beliefs? Scared of a Twitter firestorm? Office-place argument? I wouldnt say our Slack groupchat is a politics-free zone, so do employees feel victimized during office chats? Do you keep the company of politically like-minded people on purpose? Or just keep your liberal views a secret in front of your conservative friends? Have you ended friendships because you were uncomfortable & couldnt see eye-to-eye? relationships?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Staying Overtime (in America)  Idea Description: Many skilled temporary workers come to the United States every year to fill jobs we are lacking - from countries like India, China, and Saudi Arabia. A number of them end up overstaying their visas, and they make up the largest number of undocumented immigrants. This often gets forgotten during times where we are concerned with building a border wall, which wouldnt exactly have any impact on visa overstays. Regardless, this is a topic that employers should be aware of. Lets analyze visa overstay reports from the DHS from the past few years. What countries have the most workers overstaying their visas? How many countries have more than 20% of their workers extending their trips? What types of industries are they working in?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mental Health and Remote Work  Idea Description: How has being WFH affected the mental health of people who usually work in an office? Do they feel more anxious, or more pressure to get work done? More pressure to be at their computer 24/7, because if they step away they might miss an important email, or message? Or do they feel more relaxed that they can wear less formal clothes, work from bed, or be able to keep an eye on their pets or kids? What are the benefits and downfalls of WFH, and how does each generation feel its affected both their mental health and their productivity? Did going WFH annoy baby boomers but make millennials feel better? How many people of each generation think its an overreaction, vs how many think it was a necessary precaution?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Burned Out by 30?  Idea Description: How many young people are already starting to feel burned out from working full time? Lets survey people working full time from Gen Z to Baby boomers and see at what age they started feeling burned out, and at what they hit complete burnout if theyve felt it at some point in their lives. When they hit burnout, what did they do? Switch careers? Start working for themselves? Or did they find a way to ease their burnout but stay in the same job? Like taking an extended vacation, or switching to working remote some days? Whats the most successful way people have dodged or gotten out of that burned out feeling, and at what age do we feel the most burned out? Are Gen Zers feeling burnout at a higher rate earlier on?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Apps: More Harm Than Help?  Idea Description: There are a variety of apps and other tech (vitals monitors, sunrise lamps, etc.) out there meant to monitor us while we sleep and report on sleep quality, health, and other factors. How many people use these technologies, and do they really offer concrete benefits? Do they make people feel more in control and in touch with their sleep habits? Does their use correlate with better overall sleep hygiene or sleep time?Well come away with a ranking of these technologies and how well they benefit actual sleep and perceived control over sleep. We can also collect data on other sleep habits (no screens before bed, yoga/stretching, consistent bedtime, etc.) and compare the correlative effects of those alongside these tech items.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do You Know What Apps Your Kids Are Using?  Idea Description: The internet has been described as a cesspool of danger from unwanted sexual solicitation to cyberbullying and more. If youre a parent of. a child with a smartphone, chances are you have no idea what apps are being downloaded and used on a daily basis... or do you? For this project, lets survey 1,000 parents to see how much they know about their childs smartphone usage as well as general knowledge of mainstream apps. At what age is it appropriate to buy your child a smartphone? What about allow them to create a social media account? What percentage of parents know if their child has fallen victim to cyberbullying attacks? How many 50-year-old dads dont know what Bumble is? Who knows the passcode to their childs devices?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Syncing Up Sleep Schedules  Idea Description: In general, people tend to fall into the two distinct categories of Early Bird or Night Owl. Lets look at this through the lens of relationships. Do people tend to partner up with people who share the same tendency (i.e. both Early Birds), or are people finding love with someone on the opposite end of the spectrum? For the latter, we can ask questions about what steps they have had to take to deal with that. Does someone end up having to adjust to the others schedule? Do they rely on ear plugs, eye masks, or even separate bedrooms to ensure they both can sleep when they want? Are the people who naturally share the same tendency more satisfied in their relationships than those who are at odds with their SOs sleep schedule?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Car Part Recalls  Idea Description: Cars are made up of a plethora of parts and at any time these parts can become faulty, risking the lives of those driving and in the car as well as the investment one made in the car. What car brands have the most recalled parts? the least? What type of parts are recalled the most across all brands? Brakes? Airbags? What recalled parts have caused the most injuries and deaths? Lets also survey people about what they did when they found out about their car and car part recalls. How much time did it take them to fix or replace their recalled parts? How much time did it take on average depending on type of part that was recalled? source: NHTSA: https://www-odi.nhtsa.dot.gov/downloads/source is updated every morning  <|endoftext|>"
