"Idea Title: Sexuality in Seniors  Idea Description: How much does our sexual appetite change through the years? How does it compare to that of younger generations? Whos having the most sex? Women/men on their 20s/50s/60s? What age reports the most cases of erectile dysfunction? How much do factors like having/not having stress from work, family, and other commitments affect our sexual desire? Whos kinkier? Are women in their 50s more interested in sex because they are less worry about getting pregnant?These may seem like simple questions, but the results may surprise us. For this campaign, lets survey people from gen z to baby boomers to find out about their sexual desires, how these practices have changed through the years, and how much sex they are currently having.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Spending & Substance Abuse  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 college students with the goal of identifying spending patterns on alcohol and other substances amid the pandemic. On average, how much money have college students spent on alcohol and drugs in the Fall semester? Are they spending more or less compared to previous semesters? What types of alcohol are students purchasing? Have they used a percentage of their loan money to buy alcohol or drugs? Do students plan on doing this in the Spring semester? Are students driving under the influence? Have students injured themselves while intoxicated? What percentage were blacked out and dont remember consenting to a hookup? Does spending more on alcohol correlate with worse grades or mental health?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sports Outsiders and Influencers as Athletes  Idea Description: **Probably needs to be a newsjack due to the upcoming exhibition fight in June between an actual and professional boxer, Floyd Mayweather, and YouTube star Logan Paul. How do sports fans feel about outsiders joining a sport alongside athletes who have trained their whole lives? If Tik Tok and YouTube stars were to join X sport, how outraged would sports fans be? Should influencers be able to join a sport, train and exhibit? Some say this is just bad for boxing. This will be a quick survey measuring peoples perception of these exhibition fights popular in boxing, Logan Paul facing off with a famous boxer, what people think the outcome will be, and how fans feel about influencers being given a platform in this sport.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Boujee Besties  Idea Description: The campaign title will change, but now that I have your attention, lets run a survey about how much people are spending to celebrate their friends. How much did the average Millennial spend on traveling to weddings last year? What about bachelor/bachelorette parties? I had a friend ask me once if $900 for a bachelorette was expensive, I said yes, and she still planned it anyways. How many people planning these events consider the cost itll set back their friends, or do they simply not care? We can even look at baby showers and birthdays. How much are we spending on our friends, and what amount is too much where wed finally say absolutely not. Lets break all of this down by gender, generation, and income levels, too.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Major Career Mistakes  Idea Description: Looking back over your career, no matter how old you are, you can probably pinpoint some places where you made a bad decision: not negotiating your salary, not mastering a new technology or skill, not networking outside your company, working for an unethical company, or maybe covering for a dishonest colleague. While its possible to bounce back from some mistakes and bad decisions, others will permanently change the course of some peoples careers. Lets survey professionals and find out what they see as their worst career mistakes. We can look at this by industry, role, and income to see which mistakes may be made by certain people and which ones may have cost people time and money over the course of their career so far.,  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Effectiveness of Offense vs Defense  Idea Description: What do we perceive is more effective in stopping/driving away intruders? Do people think its better to have some sort of weapon in your home to fend off an intruder or better to have an alarm system/security cameras? Who are the people who think one is better than the other? Are men more likely to choose offense? What about older people? How many people actually believe that if someone breaks in, theyre going to use that weapon on the intruder? How many people say theyre prepared to physically confront an intruder? We dont have to dive into specifics like guns since I know weve done a gun campaign already, but I think the feelings of safety by offensive vs defensive route could be good to explore.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Non-Essential Shopping During COVID-19 Pandemic  Idea Description: What percentage of people are willing to consume on non-essential products during the pandemic? Is anyone shopping for goods that are not completely necessary, such as clothing, home decor, toys and games, garden furniture and accessories, or beauty products that are wanted because of the number of deals recently, but are not needed?Should you feel bad about shopping for nonessential goods?For this campaign, lets explore how peoples buying habits have changed because of COVID-19. What percentage of people are taking advantage of the deals department stores are desperately offering lately, and what percentage instead saves as much as possible because of the uncertainty of not knowing what will happen in a week/month?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dealing With Employee Layoffs in the Workplace  Idea Description: How to react when coworkers lose their jobs? Becoming a layoff survivor can make employees feel a mixture of guilt, anger, fear, anxiety, relieve among other reactions. I mean, from suffering from the loss of your coworker to feeling relieved you were able to keep your job, I think it would be interesting to survey 1000 people to see how many have been part (and how many times) of a layoff and how they dealt with it.Have you experienced a layoff at your workplace? Have you ever been let go? What were the reasons? What you did immediately after being laid off?How much it took you to relocate to another company? Have you survived layoffs at your workplace? How did you handle your feelings after a layoff at your workplace?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Binge-Watching Then and Now  Idea Description: Lets make a comparison of the time we spend lately watching series and movies at home versus how much we did before the pandemic. Since the amount of time Americans spend binge-watching TV is on the rise, lets explore how this has changed our daily lives/routines. Are we neglecting ourselves because of Netflix/Hulu/etc? How much does it affect what we used to do daily, inside or outside the house (cleaning, chores, home renovations, etc)? How much does it affect our work? Does it consume us in such a way that we do not invest the time we used to on work/our partner/children?We could breakdown by streaming service and see whos being more affected or who has changed their lifestyles more because of binge-watching.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Instant Perceptions by Car Type  Idea Description: For many people, seeing particular types of cars on the road conjures an assumption that a particular type of person is driving that car. Let 's crowdsource reactions to images of types of cars (hybrids, large pickup trucks, smartcars, cars with spoilers, etc) to crowdsource an impression of the type of person who might own and drive that car.We can also look at this from the other side: What types of people make snap judgements about others based on the car they drive? We 'll be able to present these findings by car: Here 's what people think about you if you drive something that looks like a new Chevy Silverado and by type of person: Millennials are most likely to judge others based on the type of car they drive.  <|endoftext|>"
