"Idea Title: American Perceptions of Assisted Suicide  Idea Description: Physician-assisted suicide is legal in seven American states and many countries abroad. Sometimes, you just want to die. Societys approaching a place where were becoming more accepting of this sentiment, but its unclear under what circumstances society thinks such a thing should be allowed. How broken does a persons body or mind have to be before society believes they should be able to throw in the towel without particular judgment? At what age do people agree people are old enough to independently decide they are ready to die, and how does this change with generation, political affiliation, and a persons relationship with chronic pain and disease--whether personally or indirectly through the struggle or a loved one?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Best Uniforms for Your Industry  Idea Description: There are many iconic uniforms out there that are highly recognizable. In this campaign, we would survey consumers about some of the restaurant industrys most seen uniforms. Do fast food customers prefer blue uniforms with ball caps? Do Baby Boomers prefer old-timey white diner uniforms with paper hats? This would be a b2b piece that would aim to build authority for Zoro, particularly with business owners in process of designing uniforms for their employees. Restaurant owners could look at this piece and reference their customer demographics to come up with uniforms. We could potentially have an interactive element that asks users to enter their primary customer demographics and wed output the preferred uniform design.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mapping Missing Persons  Idea Description: I just found a huge database of all the missing persons in the US. We can search by state, age, gender, name, etc, and date they went missing.Its every parents fear to not be able to find their child - you immediately assume the worst. This database will show us which states have the youngest missing persons on average (according to the age they went missing) as well as the states that have people whove been missing for the most amount of years on average. We can also determine the most common demos for missing people. For instance, women aged 18 are most likely to go missing in Alabama. Not only would this be a campaign that evokes emotion, but we may be able to call attention the cases of missing people.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Newsjack: How Fans Feel About Tebows Return  Idea Description: Tim Tebow left the NFL as a QB for 6 years, played baseball and did pretty well n the minors, but is now coming back to the NFL after reuniting with his beloved coach Urban Meyer, who is bringing him back to football as a tight end, with a 1 year contract. This is very exciting in the sports world, and people are now weighing in on whether or not Tebow should be given any faith for this task. Lets survey football fans, especially Jaguars fans, to see how they feel about Tebows return: how successful do you think hell be? How many Jaguars fans hate this decision? Is the 1 year contract fair? Do we feel like hes being brought back because of his talent, or because of his relationship to his former college coach?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Computer-Heavy Jobs and Sleep  Idea Description: All of us at Fractl, and many Americans, can relate to staring at screens and being sedentary for the majority of the workday, and Im sure this correlates with certain sleep experiences and habits before bed. Let survey 1,000 people with computer-heavy jobs to explore how their career habits cause sleep difficulty, the measures they take to make themselves more able to sleep (working out, wearing specific glasses outdoors and when looking at their screens, taking walks during the day, etc.), how often they having trouble staying asleep, etc. Also, what sleep habits are they doing that are actually a hindrance? For people with computer jobs who do certain pre-bed activities, how does their success at work compare?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Grammarly in Academia  Idea Description: **Not sure if we can name Grammarly otherwise I\d reword to say grammar tools.Many college campuses have a writing center to help students write papers and understand grammar basics. Let 's speak to Southern Cross University professors and a sample of students who are in their first year of their college career. How has Grammarly helped? Do professors recommend that students use it? Do they discourage it? Why or why not? Do writing instructors believe grammar tools help people become better writers? If not, how can students who are anxious about being at reading/writing level best prepare for college? Why are students anxious about writing/reading skill? Do they feel that high school did not best prepare them.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Nap Pods  Idea Description: For this campaign, let survey Americans to find out their sentiments on workday nap pods. What percentage of people want sleep pods at in the air ports, at the doctors office, at work? We can shift focus to heavily explore the career vertical because theres been a growing number of companies endorsing workday naps (https://blog.kickresume.com/2018/09/10/these-7-companies-encourage-sleeping-on-the-job-but-why/). What percentage of people would want them? How long should they last? Would employees forfeit PTO or sick days for daily naps at work? Do you think your company should implement nap pods? Should the workday be longer or should the naps be included? How does this change by industry? How about age and gender?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hormonal Guessing Game  Idea Description: For transgendered individuals, taking medically prescribed hormones is often the first step towards affirming their identity. There are many trans influencers on social media that document their journey from male to female or vice versa (MTF & FTM). Most of them will gladly reveal when they began their treatment. The idea of passing as their gender of choice is a huge milestone for many. Let 's do an image identification survey where we show photos of trans influencers faces and ask the general population to decide whether they are male or female, rate them on a scale of masculine to feminine, guess their sexual orientation, age, etc. Breaking the results down by participant demographics would be really interesting.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sunday Scaries  Idea Description: There is no better time than the week than the weekend. The moment you get off of work on Friday you know that you have that night and 2 days where you don 't have to think about work. However, on Sunday evening you will start to think and stress about all the things you need to accomplish for the upcoming week. For this project let 's see how people actually feel when they get the Sunday Scaries. How many people are constantly stressing about work? How many people have the ability to completely separate work and their social lives? How does work impact their sleep quality each day of the week (by industry). How do people that don 't work a typical 9 to 5 handle their stress, sleep quality and social lives?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Embarrassed To Host  Idea Description: So the Super Bowl is coming up and you want nothing more than to watch it in the comfort of your own home. However, all your friends and family want to watch with you. Unfortunately, your TV is only 42 inches and your couch seats 4. Lets survey Americans to find out if they are embarrassed to invite people over to their house based on their tech and living space. Is there a specific TV size and quality needed to feel comfortable inviting people over. How about a couch size or maybe having multiple TVs. Do people feel embarrassed about not have smart accessories like a Roku, Apple TV, or chromecast? Do people plan on getting these things to host? Do people intentionally not get these things so they dont have to host?  <|endoftext|>"
