"Idea Title: Life While Unemployed  Idea Description: Since 2019 the percentage of unemployed people who remain unemployed from around 30% to more than 50% (source: https://www.bls.gov/web/empsit/cpseea12.pdf). Im curious what life looks like for people who have to go long stretches like that without having a job. For this project, lets survey people who have been unemployed at some point in the last year for at least like a month about what life was like for them. How did they fill their days? How much of it was spent sending job applications? Did they do side hustle work like driving for Uber or DoorDash? How many days did they give themselves to grieve their job loss before they got to work trying to find new work? What habits correlate with finding work faster?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Look Good, Work Good  Idea Description: Lets survey 1,000 hiring managers to determine how appearances effect hiring decisions. Topics to explore:1. How important is appearance if a candidate is qualified? (Scale 1-10) 2. Do you look up candidates online prior to extending an interview?3. Do you look up candidates online prior to a scheduled interview?4. Do tattoos/piercings/dyed hair influence your hiring decision?5. Which candidate would you hire (show pictures of the same person but with different color shirts)? 6. If you interview multiple qualified candidates, does appearance factor in the final decision? 7. Which of the following do you consider unacceptable during an interview (untucked shirt, casual appearance, messy hair, etc.)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Message Style/Etiquette  Idea Description: When texting or emailing people of different status in your life (friend vs SO vs coworker or boss) what self-applied rules do you follow, and what rules should everyone follow? Is it appropriate to double text a friend but not your SO? Would double-emailing make you look crazy? lets run a survey and find out what message styles are appropriate for different message recipients, and through different mediums. How do the messaging styles differ by personality type/traits? We can ask about punctuation use (exclamation points especially) as well as over use (is it appropriate to use !! or ?? in an email? what about profanity ? I think weve done something involving emoji use, so maybe emoticon use and tone instead?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: College Satisfaction by Major/Expense  Idea Description: For this campaign, we 'll explore how satisfaction with college varies by field of study, amount spent, and other factors. Essentially, which college paths work out the best for people?Which fields of study are the most satisfactory? Which are most satisfactory while in college vs after college (ex: difficult in college but satisfactory after grad, satisfying to study but dissatisfactory after grad). How does the cost of your degree correlate with how satisfied/dissatisfied you are with your choice to attain it?In terms of satisfaction, we can explore more than just are you satisfied with the field/degree you chose and explore satisfaction with how the career field, job prospects, value of the degree, etc..  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Brands x Personality  Idea Description: Many people have a go-to alcohol brand they grab when they run to the liquor store, but why? I can understand top shelf over plastic bottle brands, but can people actually tell the difference between Tito 's and Grey Goose? Do they choose Tito 's because they see their friends with it on social media? Or Svedka because they have cool commercials? Are these choices impacted by personality type or external factors like commercials, social media, advertising? Why do people choose to drink the brands they do? What percent of people buy the cheapest bottle they can or whatever is on sale that day, no matter if it is a different brand every time? What % don 't care about the brand at all as long as it gets the job done?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Popular Genres by City (Spotify API)  Idea Description: This idea would be our first exploration into using the Spotify API to uncover listening trends.Based on findings from everynoise.com, it appears the Spotify API could be a very valuable tool for music data and trends that could be used to develop multiple campaigns for this client.If selected, I would suggest some time to determine how feasible this campaign would be using the API.For our first campaign, we could expand on the data shown here (http://everynoise.com/everyplace.cgi?scope=North%20America&vector=activity) to look at the top genres by city/state/country, highlighting geos with similar and dissimilar tastes. Based on popularity, we could determine the most hipster or main stream cities...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Circadian Rhythm  Idea Description: When I was younger, I would go to bed and wake up at random times during the work week, then I would stay up very late on the weekends and sleep in. Recently, Ive gone to bed and woke up at the same time every day (including weekends) and many aspects of my life are way better. I am in better shape, I am never tired, I dont need coffee, I am more productive at work, and I am more productive on weekends. Is this true for everyone who has a steady schedule. Is a set schedule more important than the number of hours you sleep? For example, would it be better to 6 hours of sleep a night on a set schedule, or getting at least 7 hours but going to bed and waking up at different times? Does more volatility make this worse?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Drug Side Effect Analysis  Idea Description: Rx sleep drugs like Ambien are notorious for the crazy side effects they cause. Ambien is the most famous, but what else do these drugs do to the body besides knock you out?Lets explore the SIDER Drug Side Effect Database to see which sleep drugs have the most and least side effects, and the highest likelihood of occurence. Which class of hypnotic and sedative drugs have the best and worst incidence of side effects? We can pair this with a survey of people who use these drugs or who have tried them. For those who stopped, was it due to the side effects? For those whove switched drugs, what was the reason? For those who currently experience side effects, have they spoken to their doctor about their issues?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Room size and stress level  Idea Description: GPT-3 idea:Using data from the American Time Use Survey, I can learn what room dimensions are associated with lower stress levels. I would write an article that explains how different room sizes affect the emotional well-being of people in them.Summary:\xa0 Stress is a major health concern for many Americans. The question then becomes how to measure stress and how to reduce it. This data journalism idea describes a research study done by two Harvard economists who researched what effects the size of rooms have on stress levels in people within those rooms. This story could be written from both an editorial perspective as well as a scientific one, which would draw readers from multiple angles and demographics.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Money Talk  Idea Description: Money talks, yet were all afraid to talk about it. For this campaign, lets survey 1,000 Americans about taboo topics with a focus on finances. Which topics would people feel comfortable discussing at: work, a dinner party, following sex? We can touch on subject from money and romantic relations to politics and religion. Whos the most comfortable discussing finances? Whos not afraid to ask their manager or co-worker how much they earn? What about a friend or stranger? We can break respondents into two groups: Those comfortable with openly discussing taboo topics, and those who are uncomfortable at any mention of them. From here, we can explore various life and work satisfaction measures for compelling takeaways.  <|endoftext|>"
