"Idea Title: Sleeping While Sick  Idea Description: How much sleep do you get while youre sick vs on a normal night, and how does it affect their overall sleep quality? How does their sleep quality while sick affect their overall mood? Does it ruin their day? If people are up all night sick, how many will still go into work the next day? How many nights do you have to spend awake being sick before you go to the doctor? Whats the worst part about trying to sleep while youre sick? The congestion? the sinus pressure or headaches? How does this differ between men and women? Or generationally? Will people take nighttime meds to help them sleep but not daytime meds to help them at work? on avg how many hours of sleep do we lose when were sick?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Post-COVID Spending Spree  Idea Description: Adding this late, so it might not be as thorough as usual, but...How many Americans have money burning a hole in their pocket and can 't wait to go out and buy something in a retail store. Someone I know (not my wife, for the record) has been hitting up all the retail stores buying all sorts of crap because she was stuck indoors for so long and needs retail therapy. There was a line, literally around the block, at Burlington a few weeks ago when they first opened back up.How many people are planning (or already went on) a post-lockdown shopping spree at retail stores? What are people excited to buy? How many people are specifically spending money that they were able (or forced) to save during quarantines?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Snowconomics  Idea Description: Lots of snowmen are built each year, but how many could be made if we were to utilize every inch of snow that falls during the holidays? For this campaign, lets find out! We would use snowfall data from the winter of 2017-2018, as well as finding out how much snow is used in the typical snowman. We would do some simple division, and bam! There it is. We have a population count. We could then compare this population to nations around the world. Does the total exceed the population of the United States or even China? Additionally, we could see how much money it would cost to stick a carrot nose and coal buttons into the snowman. How many mouths could we feed if we were to instead give those carrots to the homeless.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confessions of a developer  Idea Description: Developers, as portrayed in movies, are hoodie-wearing 20-somethings writing a quick code to hack into a government database, OR a nerd. Obviously, these are stereotypes, but what does the day in the life of a developer actually look like? How did they get into it, and how many studied CS or something similar in school for it? How many developers feel underappreciated at work, and how many have horror stories of the day to day? How many have put in easter eggs into something they were working on, and how many truly dont love what they do? For this campaign, we would survey developers about their job and life satifsaction, aiming to break popular misconceptions about developers. Are all of them really nerds?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Have You Been Financially Unfaithful?  Idea Description: Stumbled upon this article defining what Financial Infidelity is. https://www.elitedaily.com/p/what-is-financial-infidelity-experts-explain-how-to-know-if-you-you-partner-are-guilty-15510418 Now that the parameters have been set for what constitutes financial infidelity, how often is it happening and who is doing it the most/least? Are women or men more open about their finances? When did couples first start talking about money? Have they even brought it up? What are their biggest financial insecurities? Could make comparisons between generations as well. What are the most common acts of financial infidelity? Lying about debt, lying about spending, or overcompensating for your actual financial situation?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mutually obsessed cities  Idea Description: Cities with strong personalities are often compared and contrasted with each other, denizens of each fighting over which is better or worse. For example, many Portlanders will often hear their city compared to Austin, TX. Which cities around to US inspire the awe or ire of residents of other cities?This campaign will scrape Twitter and local subreddits to identify which cities are most frequently mentioned by residents of other cities. Are there lots of New Yorkers talking about Houston for some reason? Do Houston residents talk about NYC at all? We could also perform sentiment analysis on the posts to gauge how posters feel about the cities they mention. We would plot these connections on an interactive map.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Rival Relationships  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would explore the dynamic between couples who consider themselves rivals in some way or another, such as favorite team/sport, alma mater, political party, etc... and how that affects their relationship. Do sports rivalries actually bring couples together while political differences cause major conflict? Do rival couples casually and cutely tease each other, or passionately disagree? What percentage of people were initially apprehensive about dating a rival?Approaching the campaign from the other angle, we could also look at people who absolutely refuse to date a rival. If you\re a hardcore fan, how does your willingness to date a rival compared to someone who is highly political?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Porch Pirate Experiences  Idea Description: A general survey asking people about their experience with having packages stolen. What percent of people have experienced this? How does this differ by demographic? Avg price of stolen property? When does it happen? Etc. Could also supplement with existing data: https://www.smiota.com/resources/6-shocking-stats-package-theft/We could also try and get at demographic and geographic and temporal differences. When this happens most during the year. Who it happens to (gender, socioeconomic background), what gets stolen most often? Average value of items stolen, category of item stolen. How frequently sentimental items get stolen, how frequently items with a lot of personally identifiable info are stolen, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fanbases Far From Home  Idea Description: Just because youre moving doesnt mean you lost your team loyalty, right? In fact, back in the day, Tampa Bay Lightning had to give tickets away to fans when they played the Chicago Blackhawks because there were so many Blackhawk fans in the Tampa area and the arena would have been mostly black and red... Lets survey ppl who have a fandom for a sports team thats not in their local area. How many people arent fans for the team in the city they live in? Has there been drama when attending games for the opposing team? Fights? Mean words? Which fanbase has the most people as fans but dont live there? What about bandwagoners and how do our opinions change based on new fans making the switch after a move?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cryptopia  Idea Description: Based on the NYT story about crypto millionaires launching their own city in Puerto Rico, lets look at some other ways (some extreme, some not as crazy) that people have or would consider to save or protect their money. Tax loopholes, offshore accounts, moving to a state with no state income tax? Paying or getting paid under the table? How far are people willing to go for their $$?? Obviously some of these activities are questionable, but we wouldnt get into anything like money laundering or federal offenses, more so just ways that may be questionable at best. Tax avoidance, not tax evasion. What % of people would renounce their citizenship to save on taxes? What % would move to one of the US territories?  <|endoftext|>"
