"Idea Title: Mapping Esports Tournaments  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets pull tournament data from esportsearnings.com from 1998-2018 and map the locations over time to visualize the rise of competitive video gaming. Along with location we can present additional data such as prize pools, game / game genre, and winning teams / players. Which countries / states embraced Esports during its humble beginnings? Which states have seen the most growth in tournaments over time? How have prize pools sky rocketed over the past decade? Which games has the largest prize pools? Which teams, or countries, are dominating the tournament scene? The goal of this campaign is to beautifully showcase how esports entered the mainstream by mapping the rise of tournament over time.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Death of House Parties?  Idea Description: Another one of the many critiques of millennials is that we are disconnected from each other by technology. But is this just true of us - or all Americans? A staple in our society used to be hosting dinners, gatherings, or parties in our homes, but do we do that anymore? How many Americans can say theyve been invited to a party or dinner in someones house in the last year? How many have taken it to the next level and hosted people in their homes?? What holds people back from attending or hosting - fear, being broke, lack of time, lack of people to invite, think its boring? Do they feel like they do it more or less than they used to/has the frequency of home gatherings increased or decreased in their lives?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: A Closer Look at FBI UCR Crime Data for Property Crimes  Idea Description: Similar to what we did with NCIS data for this project for Cove https://www.covesmart.com/blog/firearm-background-checks-in-the-wake-of-mass-shootings, well take a closer look at the most recent FBI UCR data https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2018/crime-in-the-u.s.-2018/topic-pages/expanded-offense specifically for property crime (https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2018/crime-in-the-u.s.-2018/topic-pages/property-crime) and put together a comprehensive list of heres the MSAs where the most burglary, larceny, motor vehicle theft, and arson happened over the last year (and then look at trends of years past). (Cove wants one more crime data set campaign with regional data and I think this is our best bet.)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Work From Home Productivity Breaks  Idea Description: For me, working from home I find myself taking the mental breaks i need to without feeling guilty. I go for a run or just take 45 minutes to accomplish something. At the office, i feel guilty for taking these breaks.I cant be the only one who feels this way. I would be interested in exploring taking breaks and overall mental health and well being.Are people feeling mentally more stable working from home? DO they feel less guilty taking breaks? More guilty? Why do people feel guilty anyway? Do managers even notice these sorts of things?Then we will look at what people do to take breaks wfh vs in office. and be able to provide tips on the most effective ways to take breaks when wfh or in an office  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Traveling With Pets  Idea Description: For pet owners, every potential vacation starts with the question, What will we do with Rover? This is especially true as the coronavirus has likely impacted a lot of pet boarding and pet-sitting services.For this campaign, let 's survey pet owners and how they\re incorporating their pets into their travels. Do people typically travel with their pet? Do they board them? What about now, how have things changed given COVID? Are people now more likely to take their pet with them on a road trip or camping? We can combine this with some pieces of Vacation Renter 's internal data, such as how many listings are classified as animal friendly and any recent changes in search volume for pet-friendly options.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: College Athletes to Get Paid for Image, likeness, and name, how will it affect their sport?  Idea Description: NCAA President Mark Emmert told USA TODAY Sports on Saturday that he will be meeting in Washington next week with senators and congressmen concerning legislation based around college athletes ability to make money from use of their names, images and likenesses. The meetings have taken on greater urgency as the number of states enacting related laws with effective dates of July 1 or sooner has grown to six in recent weeks. lets ask fans what they think the implications of NIL rules on college athletes will be....Will it boost the teams performance, and increase bets? or will it drive away fans or reduce athletic performance? Lets ask fans what college players they cant wait to finically support  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Home Theft in America  Idea Description: We spent a ton of time producing this idea for Esurance before they dropped it! It 's a campaign that combines FBI data on residence burglary and Crime Data Explorer data (raw reported numbers from state-level UCR programs) to analyze rates of home theft as well as stolen goods value by state. It has theft and finance elements as well as a supplementary survey that looks at home safety procedures people do and don 't do. There is some data we did not show as well, so we could use that to make this different from what we produced for Esurance: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DAhtuPuEEwBx1zB7-HIh4qtOiEd5yPE51aLigpig7Hg/edit?usp=sharingI\d clear with Ryan if this is a client we\d repurpose this for.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Driving Dynamics in Relationships  Idea Description: In relationships, each person is bound to have a different approach to driving, whether that driving fast vs. slow, aggressive vs. passive, using their phone vs. not, anxiety vs. confidence in driving, eating in the car vs. not, allowable messiness, etc. Let explore the types of driving arguments and annoyances in relationships, as well as their affects. Do couples who frequently backseat drive have less relationship satisfaction and less sex? What the ideal roadtrip length where it ends up as a positive experience? Has anyone ever been pushed to their breaking point because of their partner incessant backseat driving? How do driving behavior arguments change over the course of a relationship?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Does Frugality Pay Off?  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore life outcomes between people on opposite ends up the frugality scale. Well ask respondents to rate their spending habits/perspectives in a few broad topics (essentials, food, housing, clothing, entertainment) and then create frugal/spendy groups based on those answers.Those groups would be asked about various aspects of their life, with a focus on exploring the upsides and downsides of each mentality. Financial security, life satisfaction and social life, reaching life milestones, even relationship.Are frugal people having less fun but better prepared for unexpected events? Do spendy people people have more stuff while being less likely to afford a house to put it in?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Blacking Out  Idea Description: During his Senate hearing, Brett Kavanaugh swore on everything living that hes never been blacked out drunk though hes been drinking since he was in high school. Everyone in and out of that room including kavanaugh himself knows he was lying. Lets survey millennials and generation z about their drinking habits. Lets ask if theyve ever been blacked out drunk. How do they know they blacked out? What did they do? Were they more aggressive? Did they pass out? Has blacking changed their relationship with drinking? We could even survey other other generations and ask if theyve learned anything from blacking out? Did that change their drinking habits? What sort of social situations did they drink heaviest in?  <|endoftext|>"
