"Idea Title: Knowledge Gaps - Street Smart vs. Book Smart  Idea Description: Credit to Carly on IdeaHowever successful one may find themselves in their career or life, there are bound to be those individual areas of knowledge that still escape you.Perhaps you cant find Iran on a map. Maybe you count on your fingers when you leave a tip. Or your autocorrect works so hard on your spelling it practically writes your messages for you.For this idea, well examine the most common areas of knowledge individuals feel they simply dont measure up to compared to others. To whom do they attribute this shortcoming to? Do certain knowledge gaps have a more negative affect on their career success? How do these change between people who consider themselves street smart vs. book smart.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Your Handwriting Says About You  Idea Description: What does your handwriting say about you, and how pleasing is your handwriting to somebody else? Also, is content perceived different based on different hand writing. This could be done with fonts as well. But, if I were to give multiple teachers an A/B test of the same essay, would one perform, or be graded better than the next. Id be very curious, I think we could do this in one of two ways, either selecting different fonts and asking people to rank certain articles/content on different variables, submit that content hand written, or pay teachers to grade the same essay written in two different hand writing styles,(or more) 5-10 teachers grade each one and we calculate the average grade received.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Saying Hello and Goodbye  Idea Description: For this idea we would explore the ways people greet each other in the United States. A handshake and smile, a kiss on the cheek, or a hug? For this idea we would explore greetings, how they make people feel, the difference in greetings for friends, family, or your significant other? Does a kiss on the cheek make you uncomfortable when it comes from someone you just met? Have you had an awkward fist bump experience and accidentally grabbed someones fist? How many men think its not cool for their girlfriend to kiss another guy on the cheek when saying hello? Does a smile makes people think youre more approachable? For this idea, we would come up with a ton of interesting questions surrounding greetings.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Regrets/Guilt and Sleep  Idea Description: The feelings of regret, guilt, and wrongdoing can cause such anxiety that it messes with our sleep. We may not be able to stop replaying our actions in our minds and wish we did things differently, and the emotions related to regretful incidents can be quite bothersome. Let survey 1,000 people about how wishing they did something differently'Au/'Auscrewing up'Au/'Auhaving a lost opportunity/feeling regret/feeling guilt messes with their sleep. How much less sleep do they get when theyre feeling this way, and what sleep behaviors do they exhibit? What methods do they use to distract themselves?https://www.lifehack.org/491725/this-is-what-i-did-to-stop-my-regrets-from-keeping-me-awake-at-night  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I Hate My Friends Significant Other  Idea Description: We have all had friends who dated people we dont like, but when does situation start an issue. I once had a friend whos girlfriend was so controlling she forbade him from seeing his friends and family. As you might expect, I did what I could to end that relationship. This was an extreme example, but lets explore what friends do to break their friends up and why they did it. Are some friends just jealous they dont see their friend as often anymore? Do some just not like the significant other enough to try an break them up? How do they go about it. Do they confront their friend? Confront the significant other? Shun them? Tell their friend their significant other cant come places? Lets find out everything.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Health and Technology (from the NHIS)  Idea Description: The CDCs National Health and Interview survey is a valuable resource for health data and demographics.In this dataset are a number of variables around health and technology including % who have looked up health information on the internet, filed a prescription online, scheduled appointment, and communicated with doctor by email.Other variables relate to HIV testing, skipping visits and medication due to cost, illness rates, and granular demographics.Do people who do more internet research on health take more sick days? Visit the doctor more? How do rates of HIV, hepatitis, blood testing vary by age, gender, generation?By decoding multiple years of data, we can identify historical trends.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Home Crime and Recovery  Idea Description: To make this different from the Esurance campaign on home theft, let 's look at property crime rates which include burglary and robbery, as well as recovery rates to give this a positive spin! Which states have the most home crime, and which are the best at recovering stolen items? On average, how much are we able to recover in stolen item value per home? Internal: We can define a home crime as a combination of property crime, burglary and robbery variables in the Crime Data Explorer data (it uses UCR data). You can even indicate robbery as a violent home crime as it involves weapons or force. The CDE data has state level residence burglary, robbery as well as stolen value and recovered value.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: DIY Home Renovations During COVID-19  Idea Description: Lately, it has become challenging to find positive aspects of what we are currently experiencing. However, one good thing is that recently, we all have extra or free time to do the activities we couldnt do before. For those who own a house, this is the perfect time to do the renovations you always wanted but never had time to do.For this campaign, lets survey people on DIY home renovations. How much are you investing in home renovations? What type of improvements are you doing? How long is it taking you? Did you finished them or left them incomplete? Did you have any injuries? Was it harder than expected? Did you need help from a professional? Was this a good idea? Are you satisfied with the results?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Streaming Wars Winner  Idea Description: Simple idea, but now that the hype is over for new streaming services like Netflix, Disney+, Apple TV, etc. now it 's time to see which viewers like the best, plan to stick with and what others that plan to drop. Best of course is a subjective term, so we can explore all of the different ways viewers grade a streaming service. This is probably the best method anyway since based on money and subscriptions, Netflix is the winner based on how long it 's been out compared to the others. We can ask things like which has the content you like the most? Did Disney+, Apple TV live up to the hype? Which works the fastest? Which is easiest to navigate? Which do you plan to keep? Which are you considering to drop?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: After Christmas Shopping  Idea Description: Shopping doesnt always end with Christmas. Actually, right after Christmas, shoppers can take advantage of more significant discounts on clothing, home decor, and other items, even Christmas decor for next year. So, for this campaign, lets explore consumer behavior after the holidays.What percentage of people wait until December 26 to take advantage of post-holiday sales? What percentage of people find themselves at the mall, the day after Christmas, trying to return or exchange a Christmas gift? Why are people shopping ahead for next year? What items are they stocking up on? Wrapping paper, cards, home decor, generic items to be used as gifts? Who are you shopping for the day after Christmas?  <|endoftext|>"
