"Idea Title: The Return of Emo  Idea Description: For elder millennial like myself, there is no greater joy than seeing Emo culture begin to rise again. Gen Z, seems to be appreciating the scene esthetic more and more, both in terms of fashion and music. This project would be primarily survey based, but could also include some data looks at the growth in popularity of either music (emo growth on Spotify using plays/dates from the API), or Hashtag growth (scrape). We would also ask both Gen Z and millennial about how they feel about this resurgence of the trend. Who wants it to happen? Who doesnt? What fashion or makeup looks do people want to come back from EMO? Lots to explore. Questions about band t-shirts and graphic tees should also be included.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whos Responsible?  Idea Description: This will be a survey-based execution of 500 renters and 500 homeowners to determine how perceptions of home security differ between the two groups. Are renters less likely to lock their doors (or even have a lock on their door)? Whos more likely to post vacation updates on social media while still away? Are renters prime targets of porch pirates? Of the percentage of renters or homeowners whove fallen victim to porch pirates, how many had smart security installed? Do renters know whos responsible if a burglar vandalizes their property? Who feels safer in their home? Additionally, we can explore a wide variety of home security measures from video cameras to phone alerts and alarm systems installed.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Recognizing Fictional Rooms  Idea Description: Tori recently produced a campaign around the most recognizable and desirable fictional homes, from movies to t.v. sitcoms. For this project, lets repurpose this tried and true methodology with a focus on fictional bedrooms. This survey-based execution will test the memory of millennials by asking them to accurately recall which show or film each bedroom appears in. How many younger millennials can accurately describe Harry Potters staircase bedroom? Does an overwhelming number of millennials know what Spongebobs pad looks like? Which fictional bedroom is the most recognizable, overall? Lets juxtapose these fun findings against famous bedrooms IRL like the one of the President or major celebrities.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: COVID-19 Discounts  Idea Description: In this campaign, well request CouponFollows internal data from the start of the pandemic to present day to identify the brands that offered the best discounts when Americans needed them most. Overall, who is the top brands that provide mega-discounts? Which categories (apparel, beauty, electronics, etc.) had the best/most offerings? Depending on the deal, we can quantify the amount people have saved using coupons during the pandemic as well. Overall, is digital coupon redemption up from last year? Additionally, perhaps we can supplement with some manual research to show which brands are giving back, outside of discounts (free things for medical workers, for example), for some heartwarming takeaways.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Space Force Careers: Skills Wanted for the New Frontier  Idea Description: Space Force has taken form - it has a logo, 2020 FY funding, and a mounting list of officers from the other branches to populate leadership. Now they need to populate the ranks - enlisted and officers - with especially technically minded and skilled people when compared to the other branches.Which skills lend themselves most to joining Space Force? Who would be interested? Which kinds of jobs are available? Lets do some research to determine what Space Force is looking for in terms of skills, qualifications, and what theyre offering in terms of jobs and pay?Lets also add an interactive that people can use to enter qualifications/skills/interests to see if they match with any Space Force jobs  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Inheriting money...attitudes  Idea Description: The way our family of origin approaches money makes an impact on our money attitudes later in life, but if we have siblings, we may have different takeaways from what our parents taught us. Lets run a survey about the financial situation and attitudes of our family of origin. How do we conduct ourselves around money today and how does this differ based on our familys economic standing? Their approach to gift giving? Savings? Debt? Spending? Are people from poorer families more stressed out? More careful about avoiding debt? We could also explore this based on birth order. Are 1st born women the most carefree and least stressed about money? Are middle children most likely to prioritize saving?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cyberbullying in the Age of Trump  Idea Description: Cyberbullying has become an increasingly prevalent fear among parents as technology and social media have continued to evolve and expand. Lets run a survey of parents about cyberbullying and whether the current state of public discourse (and the fact that our president is the biggest cyberbully of them all) has caused them to worry more their children being victims of cyberbullying. What do they do to protect their children? Do they have rules about tech/social media usage with their kids? Do they know if their kids have been bullied online? Have they personally (the parents) ever been bullied online, whether as a kid or an adult? How do they feel about punishing cyberbullies, even if theyre minors?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Prominent Investors in Esports  Idea Description: As eSports and video game streaming become increasingly mainstream, investors will look to buy a majority share in dominant teams. For this campaign, lets analyze the three types of eSports investors: the celebrity, the sports team, and the mogul. This project will require a lot of manual research but should be fairly simple (Ive found several sources for us to start with). Whos investing the most cash into eSports? Who are the most high-profile investors? Where are they investing? Lets visualize cashflow from investors to teams/individual players to see which eSports teams & streamers are the most valuable. Perhaps we can juxtapose these findings against team tournament stats and other factors...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Final Straw  Idea Description: With Zoros vast selection of business and restaurant products, theyre sure to be experiencing the beginning effects of recent plastics bans, including straws and bags.While everyone can get behind reducing waste for the good of the environment, how far is too far before consumers begin to get annoyed? Do you support bans at a county, state, or even a national level or should it be the businesses choice?Do you support a straw ban? What about disposable cups or napkins? Would you choose a new grocery store if they banned disposable bags? Should fast-service restaurants all have reusable cutlery? What if you were offered a discount for bringing your own materials, for a personal finance angle?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How much do you pay for apps?  Idea Description: As we spend more and more time on our phones, is the amount of money that people are paying for entertainment on their phones increasing as well? So many phone games offer in-app purchases for removing adds or leveling-up. How many people are actually willing to spend money on their phone games, and how much do they spend? Also, we are living in an era dominated by streaming services. How many streaming apps do people have on their phone that they are paying for? There are of course still free apps such as social media, but would they pay for them if they were asked to? For a unique vertical, we could also ask parents how much they allow their children to spend on phone games and in-app purchases.  <|endoftext|>"
