"Idea Title: Age and Experience in Sports  Idea Description: Does the age of a teams players lead to more favorable outcomes? Take England vs Italy in the Euro final: theres nearly a 10 year age difference between each teams captain, and England fielded maybe one player in their thirties. Using data from various sports sites like https://fbref.com/fr/ lets analyze the average age of various NFL teams and compare the ages of the teams, average age of key positions like QA, running backs, linemen and others to see if age makes a difference in outcomes. Does an older QB typically mean more wins? Does a younger defense lead to better outcomes? Well also look at the average age across teams, calling out the oldest and youngest star players and their stats.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Let me see ya grillz  Idea Description: Referencing the iconic 90 's song about dental jewelry; a grill is usually worn by those looking to flaunt their wealth in the most ostentatious way possible. It 's practically a rite of passage for soundcloud rappers to get a set of diamond or gold grillz once they get their first few fat paychecks. Which states have the most pimped out smiles? Which dentists are being tagged the most by high-profile grill-wearing celebs? Which type of grill gets the most likes, diamond or gold, top or bottom row, etc? We could also include a price breakdown to highlight how luxurious this habit really is. Example: this most-liked pic of a diamond encrusted set costs as much as a car, down payment on a house, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Clean Freaks  Idea Description: Let 's explore how people define being clean: what does it mean to have a clean home to the general population? We could visualize this by creating a diagram of a living room or kitchen, and we can look at how many people find X acceptable or unacceptable: Crumbs on the counter top, dirty dishes in the sink, overflowing trash, counters covered in cooking supplies, unfolded laundry, etc...How has COVID affected the way we clean our homes? Are generally more relaxed people cleaning way more? How often per week? How many people still had professional cleaners clean their homes despite the pandemic? We can even go further and look at how happy and healthy people feel by their level of cleanliness.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Work Dreams  Idea Description: More than once Ive heard of coworkers and friends telling me they have dreams about work, so lets see what the deal is. Can you have good dreams about work (i.e. you dreamt you were promoted) or is it usually a nightmare? Or is it something innocuous like you dreamt about a coworker or that you were just in the office?Do people with high levels of stress at work have these dreams more often? What about at different salary levels? Have there been specific events at work that have triggered dreams at night? How are they affected the morning after? Is there a change in their mood throughout the day? What about their productivity? Does dream frequency affect their overall job satisfaction?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confessions of Distracted Drivers  Idea Description: A more detailed survey asking people about the specifics of their distracted driving behavior. We would ask them how frequently they are doing the following:1. Checking when their phone buzzes or beeps while driving2. Pick up their phone when stopping before fully stopped. 3. Write more than x characters in a text message while driving4. Read more than x characters at a time while driving5. Install app while driving6. Troubleshoot phone issue while driving7. Send email while driving8. Send Text while drivingWe could also test how many times per mile a person picks up a phone using Progressive or Allstates apps, which track phone pickups while driving. Could use Fractl people.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: All Time Best and Worst Trades  Idea Description: For the most notorious/popular/well-known current athletes of major sports leagues (NFL, NBA, NHL, MLB) (or maybe just NBA and NFL to limit the scope), lets analyze the stats of trades they were in to see if they were good or bad decisions. Comparing their performance stats from their previous team(s) to their current team(s), who had the highest increases in points scored, and who had the least? How about percentages of points scored compared with their team points (Did they become a standout player?) Did their playoff and championship wins increase? Maybe also look at career earnings? Based on looking at these stats as a whole who in each league made the greatest or worst decisions to be traded?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: My Dog is My Personal Security Detail  Idea Description: Dogs serve many purposes in our lives but how exactly do they fit into our security? In this project we will survey dog owners to see how dogs give us security in our lives. I know as a woman, I dont like to go running alone so if I cant get someone to go, I always bring my dog which makes me feel safer and I believe she serves as a deterrent to any potential riff-raff. My dog also makes me feel safer when I am home alone, on a long road trip, and in any other situation where there are unknowns. What other situations do people feel safer in with their k9 by their side? This will be interesting as well because Im sure the data will vary by gender and potentially by rural or city dwelling folks.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Personality and Desire  Idea Description: Broadly speaking, this campaign would compare amount of greed/desire/ambition by personality type.Which personalities are more likely to:- believe that they arent making enough money - want things that they dont/cant have- be content/discontent not having things that they want- compare themselves to others financially- be dissatisfied with their current level of earnings- spend money on various types of items (practical, flashy, indulgent, economical)- be selfish or generous?- be cheap, frugal, or stingy?We would use the big five personality types (often considered the most common and respected in the psychological community) https://ipip.ori.org/newBigFive5broadKey.htm  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Exaggerating Skills on Your Resume  Idea Description: Credit to Carly on IdeaThis idea would examine the specific areas and/or skills that people most commonly exaggerate on their resume or on LinkedIn.Maybe your proficiency in Spanish is limited to those two classes you took in HS. Maybe you throw in social media management because your dogs IG page has 500 followers.What skills are most commonly exaggerated, which ones have you gotten away with and where have these little lies landed you in hot water?We would need to differentiate from past executions that have been similar for example: https://app.asana.com/0/799276020328631/849895069196837I think we can do this by focusing more on SPECIFIC skills rather than hard/soft skills.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Biggest Issues Facing Us  Idea Description: This is a simple, straight-forward piece that asks people of various backgrounds what they thing the single-biggest issue facing humanity is. Between the environment, education, and government, there are a ton of issues we can spark more debate about on events ongoing in America. If we asked people to pick one issue they think we need to worry about and put our energy into now, what is it? How much agency does the average American feel like they have in changing things, and how many feel hopeful vs hopeless? I think results from questions like these, segmented by different demos: generation, age, gender, kids vs no kids, rural vs urban, and by ethnicity could be a really great conversation piece.  <|endoftext|>"
