"Idea Title: Most Downloaded Apps and Their TOS/Data Security  Idea Description: Lets analyze terms of service of commonly downloaded apps (e.g., facebook, snapchat, ... the popular ones that users share data on (pictures, messages, personal data, etc.)) Lets do a text analysis on the reading level to find the average reading levels and then lets zoom in on data usage clauses in those terms. We could find the most used terms in those data clauses and see if Mturkers understand what they mean and what they agree to. We could find out how many people even read them before they download something, how many even care about the privacy of their data. There might be something more that we can do with a text analysis but those two things are the only ones Im familiar with.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Future Ride-sharing Technologies  Idea Description: Two big things coming to the world of ride-sharing (and the world in general) are self-driving cars and autonomous passenger drones. I know that sounds crazy so:https://dronerush.com/drone-taxi-passenger-drones-10666/https://www.businessinsider.com/uber-aircraft-passenger-drone-photos-interior-cabin-cockpit-tour-2019-6https://self-driving.lyft.com/These sci-fi type advancements will strike several chords with the public, chief among them being: 1) Safety 2) Convenience 3) Impact on jobs/economy. The emphasis will obviously be on peoples knee-jerk feelings on the safety of these developments, but well also survey people on their feelings regarding the convenience/economics elements.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Black and White Photos  Idea Description: I\d like to know perceptions of people in black and white photos versus normal photos and different filters, sepia, etc. This idea is half baked and I\l come back to it later, but there are a few different routes that I think would be very interesting. We could do a 5 levels type video and ask a kid to explain the perceptions of a person in a black and white photograph versus color photograph, and then a preteen, teen ager, young professional, and adult. Also we could show people a picture of somebody and ask them how attractive they are, and then a different group of people a black and white picture and ask again. how attractive? How professional? How classy?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When You Should Intervene  Idea Description: We have all had a friend or two go down the wrong path or get mixed up into the wrong crowd. However, how many people spoken up and successfully intervened? For this project lets ask people that have/ had a friend with substance abuse issues (alcohol, cocaine, meth, marijuana, etc.) and ask them when its right to intervene. What actions has the abuser made/ is making right now that is forcing you to intervene? What is the RED FLAG when it comes to substance abuse. Basically lets determine the line that people need to cross for people to intervene. This can be a benchmark for those that have friends that are abusing various drugs in order for them to measure if they need to intervene.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Worth It!  Idea Description: There are plenty of ways to waste money, but every once in a while you 'll buy something that makes you think, I can 't believe I didn 't buy that sooner and this campaign would be about those types of purchases.We 'll explore which purchases, brands, and product categories are the most worth it and which ones people regret the most. We can also look at common upgrades, features, and other specifics related to specific product categories.To target specific verticals, we can focus assets on particular topics: which car feature are worth it, which home features are worth it, which electronic devices are worth it, which meals or foods are worth it, which college degrees worth it, etc...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Quota Zones  Idea Description: Ticket quotas are perceived by the public as an unofficial and particularly barbaric method of tax collection. If Police departments or municipal governments more broadly find themselves strapped for cash at the end of the month, they can always stuff their coffers with the proceeds from excessive citations. Although ticket quotas are universally frowned upon and mostly illegal, one gets the sense that a significant increase in ticket issuance at the end of a month, quarter, or year corresponds to a surreptitious and illicit policy of ticket quotas. We will measure the incidence of traffic and parking citations in various metropolitan areas and see if we can define the quota vs. non quota zones.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Nursing Homes/ALF: What do you want for your parents?  Idea Description: What do people look for in nursing homes when looking for a family member, and what actually makes it a good experience? What are common complaints? I know it would be hard to survey older people, but what about the people who have had to find one for a family member? I think it could be interesting to do something similar to the HOA study for Porch in terms of dissecting the average cost and what amenities/features people like. We could work in some regional data by asking where people would ideally relocate their parents state-wise. Which states have the most expensive facilities? What age do you think you and your spouse should begin having that conversation (about a mother or father in law)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Check List When Looking for a Hotel  Idea Description: What do you usually look for when you are thinking of staying in a hotel with your family for a few days of vacation? What are the red flags that you would not tolerate? From a personal standpoint, I go directly to the bathroom pictures on their website and check how clean it looks. and spend some time reading the reviews. So, what is considered acceptable? How does your search changes when you look for someplace to stay for one night for yourself? For this campaign, lets ask different people what their perceptions about hotels are, which characteristics they usually check first when they are looking for a place to crash, and what are their best and worst experiences staying on random hotels.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Progression of Screen Time/Device Use  Idea Description: Parents typically try to put in place some screen time rules or restrictions. HOWEVER, how many of them allow screen time to exceed their 30-minute restriction? How many parents require the kids to abide by these screen time restrictions but then remain on their own devices throughout the evening? I think it would be very cool to look at the progression of screen time habits and/or restrictions with each kid. Are parents with one kid implementing and sticking to screen time restrictions? Does screen time /device use get more lenient as one has more kids? Do parents resort to allowing their kids to use devices or watch shows in order to have some peace or keep them out of their hair for a bit?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Layover Risk Takers  Idea Description: When youre traveling a long way, youre probably going to have a layover. Some people love to live their lives on the edge and schedule a 30 min layover in huge international airports, and some people like to schedule in 8 hours to sleep on solid ground. Lets survey international travelers about their perfect layover time as well as their favorite airports to pass the time. We could see who is most likely to miss a flight, and whether or not anyone has changed their ways. We definitely could pair the survey with data on on-time and early flights at different airports in teh US and show where people could and shouldnt take their chances with a short layover. Will try to find British data too.  <|endoftext|>"
