"Idea Title: Would You Joint The FIRE Movement?  Idea Description: Theres been a lot of talk, and differing opinions, about the FIRE Movement (Financial Independence, Retire Early). https://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-biggest-financial-mistake-you-could-ever-make-according-to-suze-orman-2018-10-02 https://www.nytimes.com/2018/09/11/style/what-is-fire-financial-independence-retire-early.html The experts have given their thoughts, but how do people on the ground feel? Would it be worth it for them? Do they think its feasible given their current debts owed/income? What expenses would they be willing to give up to save up and retire early? If they retired early, would they go back to school, travel, or live the truly retired life of doing nothing?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Would You Join The FIRE Movement?  Idea Description: Theres been a lot of talk, and differing opinions, about the FIRE Movement (Financial Independence, Retire Early). https://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-biggest-financial-mistake-you-could-ever-make-according-to-suze-orman-2018-10-02 https://www.nytimes.com/2018/09/11/style/what-is-fire-financial-independence-retire-early.html The experts have given their thoughts, but how do people on the ground feel? Would it be worth it for them? Do they think its feasible given their current debts owed/income? What expenses would they be willing to give up to save up and retire early? If they retired early, would they go back to school, travel, or live the truly retired life of doing nothing?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Customer Support Channels  Idea Description: In this somewhat more on-brand execution well conduct a survey exploring perceptions and preferences of interacting with various customer support channels from live chat, phone, chat bot, text, automated call, social media, email etc.How does preferred channel vary by demographic, frustration, or the type of support one is seeking such as maintenance, returns, activation, shipping delays, etc.Within which channel would you be likely/receptive to receiving sales promotions? How long would you expect it to take to be put in touch with someone through each channel? And perhaps most interesting, which channel do you seek out when youre feeling frustrated and ready to fight with support?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Oops... Internet Moments  Idea Description: How many people have made big internet mistakes? Sent an email to the wrong person? Sent a business email from a personal email account (wink wink Hillary/Don Jr) accidentally? What about a mistake on social media or a search that ended up in your feed like a post? a private conversation ending up in a public forum? or simply even just shared some fake news or an opinion that you had been called out on from a friend or someone else? For this idea we would survey people on the little mistakes theyve made via the world wide web, in some fashion. From work to personal wed explore topics and have multiple angles for publishers in varying verticals 'Ai (Tech., Employment, Security, and more...).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Who Are You Now?  Idea Description: Sobriety changes people. It doesnt just change them into a person who no longer abuses substances, it changes their perspectives, thought process, and other core aspects of who they are. For this campaign, we would explore who sober people are compared to who they used to be. We would look at things like life satisfaction, sense of purpose, drive, gratefulness, etc and compared that to 1- normal populations and 2- (if methodologically sound) how they used to be. What percentage of people who are sober are more optimistic now about their future than ever? What percentage say that theyre now more compassionate, generous, or charitable? What percentage say that its made them a stronger person?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Second-Wave Preparation  Idea Description: Is it too early to prepare for a possible second-wave of COVID-19? Past surveys weve run on this topic show some serious anxiety around a possible second wave of coronavirus, and it is bound to have an impact on consumer spending and preparation, especially with the holidays, and seasonal weather (snow storms, hurricanes, etc...). Are consumers stocking up slowly to prepare for covid2? Are they purchasing in-store, now that restrictions have eased? What attitudes do people hold on eating out, shopping, and spending their money out in public now that most states are open, and how many people are trying to get the experience in as much as possible now, for fear of another lockdown this winter?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Workplace Seniority - Dynamics Between Cross-generation Coworkers  Idea Description: Olddddd repitch---According to Pew, Millennials became the largest generation in the laborforce in 2016. With these shifting demographics, were likely to see new and interesting management dynamics emerge in the workplace such as significant age gaps between supervisors and subordinates.How many employees report to a supervisor who is younger than they are? How many managers supervise an older employee? Do they feel any hesitation instructing or disciplining another employee who is older than themselves? What are employees general perceptions of significantly older or younger cowokers? What percentage of millennials believe older generations would be unable to perform in their role?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employment and Discrimination  Idea Description: Getting fired sucks, but it is 1000x times worse when it 's because of who you are - not your work performance. Every year, individuals file claims with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission about getting fired or facing discrimination because of race, sexual orientation, age. ability or even maternity or paternity. Employers can even twist injury/disability into a reason to fire someone wrongly. Using EEOC data, we can see how many charges and claims have been filed and resolved on a variety of different issues, like an english-only rule or offering early retirement. On a broader level, we can see which states have the most claims and charges and how it 's changed over time.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats Your Motivation?  Idea Description: Its not always easy to get up every day and keep going to work, even if you have one of the best jobs! So what is motivating workers to press on and improve - and how do these motivations differ by generation, industry, and company size? Is it all about money, health insurance, providing for the family - or is it competition, fear of failure, or a drive to be the best? How many people say they dont care about improving and only do the bare minimum? How many people say doing a good job is important regardless of the money?If the client is open to it, I think this would be a fascinating thing to compare with personality type, but it would definitely stand on its own without that aspect.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Did I even ask?  Idea Description: Advancements in tech provide tremendous value for homeowners, businesses, the government... you name it. But there are still flaws of course and push notifications to our cells about How did you like your stay at the Marriott? or Do you want to set this location as your home address in Google Maps? can be outright creepy. So what do people feel most/least uneasy about? How does this distrust play into the upcoming election? What would they change if they could? Let 's run a survey to get more insight. We can start more general then filter stats by demo (gender, generation, political party).**Corie has an election hacking idea if any of this can be combined into one project**  <|endoftext|>"
