"Idea Title: Free shipping - worth buying more stuff?  Idea Description: How often do we only buy something online if we can get free shipping. And are we willing to spend more simply in order to get free shipping? We could run a survey to see how people feel about this, who waits to order something online until they have enough value compiled to qualify for free shipping? Or do people only shop at Amazon Prime to make use of the free shipping and fast delivery? When are people willing to pay for shipping, and if so, how fast do they want delivery to be if they pay for it? Are people willing to wait for their orders to arrive if they didnt need to pay for shipping? Is there a difference across different products that people are willing to pay for shipping?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Drinking Alone  Idea Description: Mommy comes home and has a glass of wine to relax in the bath tub. After an exam or difficult day at work, you settle into bed with a cocktail and settle in front of your laptop to binge watch a show with a homemade mojito. Fight with your SO? Vodka. Have a long 10-hour day of cleaning ahead? Whip up a gin & tonic to make organizing your patio storage go by a bit more faster. There are a million and one reasons people drink alone, but is this ever acceptable? Well look at the circumstances that most commonly get people solo drinking. Perhaps the stigma of drinking alone has less to do with the act itself and more to do with the motivations behind it, the why? Well look at which reasons  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Beliefs Over Time  Idea Description: A lot of younger people who tend to lean more liberal have heard older folks who tend to be more conservative you 'll see when you\re older why you should be voting this way too, but how often do our beliefs like that change over time?Lets survey from Gen Z to Baby boomers and see how often their beliefs in core areas changed over time (if at all). What percentage of baby boomers started off liberal and eventually ended up conservative? Have they stayed resolute on their beliefs in core areas like gun control, same sex marriage, climate change, or legal weed? How many people start off with the same beliefs as their parents and then grow to form their own, different opinion?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Game Studios with the most female protagonists  Idea Description: As a hobby, critical industry, and massive commercial market, gaming is slowly but surely becoming more diverse. In recent years, more games than ever have featured female protagonists. This campaign will take a look at recently-released games with female protagonists, identify the studios that made them, and plot them on a map to show which countries have the highest percentage of these studios.We can also look for related insights, such as genre of games with female protagonists, reviews by women in games journalism of games with female protagonists, and how likely the critical reception of a game is likely to be positively/negatively influenced by the presence of a female protagonist.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dont Hate the Nap  Idea Description: This would be a broad survey of napping habits across the American public, built to portray attitudes towards naps, their perceived effectiveness, and how/when/where people typically take them. How many people refuse to take them? How many of them think they don 't really help? Who 's mastered the power-nap? Who is afraid to nap because it could make it harder to fall asleep at night? Who has embraced biphasic sleep?To present these results, we could come up with nap archetypes that describe different patterns of nap behavior (e.g. Nap Avoidant, Nap Challenged, Nap Master, Nap Fanboy). This way, we could easily group demographics into a series of generally descriptive nap profiles.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Saving Habits  Idea Description: As a true millennial, my savings account has next to nothing in it. Mostly, it just functions as a second account where I store the exact amount I need for future bills to avoid overspending between paychecks. I always read about each generation 's spending habits, but what about saving? Which generation tends to have the most in their savings? Are people wrong about Millennials? What are the top reasons each generation saves up? Is it an upcoming, single big purchase or are they saving with more long term goals ? How many actually have an emergency fund? Would they be able to afford a common emergency i.e. an ambulance ride, freak home accident, needing to hop on a last minute flight  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Working for the Enemy: Poaching and Non-competes  Idea Description: Have you or a coworker ever left a company to work for a competitor? How much did it take for you to switch sides? Do even loyal employees have their price? How many have tried to poach former coworkers/clients from a previous employer?In this idea, well explore the topic of employee retention through experiences with non-compete and working for a competitor.The general consensus seems to be that non-compete clauses can be difficult to enforce. Do employees believe it is acceptable to sign a non-compete or do they see it as hindering their career opportunities? Where do they draw the line in regard to non-compete? Has an employee ever left a company for a competitor out of spite?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Binge Behaviors  Idea Description: People will go to crazy lengths to watch their favorite show or enhance their binge watching. In fact, the fact that Netflix and other shows have binge-watching potential may even change the shows we watch. How many people pick a new show based on how many seasons are available? How many people watch shows on their laptop as they cook or do certain chores? Maybe even while theyre working? If youre currently binge-ing a show, are you more likely to order food delivery services? Have you ever had to reschedule a date or night out with friends because youd rather be TV binge-ing? Using a survey lets explore binge-watching habits and the lengths people go to in order to watch their shows.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Wealth & Health  Idea Description: It 's depressing how everything revolves around money!! Basically the more money you have the better quality of life you will have. Magic Johnson has HIV/AIDS for the longest time yet he still is healthy. If an everyday person had HIV/AIDS their life expectancy would be much different.For this project let 's survey people and see how many people have had to decline a treatment or certain medication simply because it is a financial burden. How many people fear going to the doctor knowing that they won 't be able to pay for the doctor visit or even the treatment for their current condition? How much money would someone need to have to NEVER worry about a healthcare condition?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: How Successful Relationships Are By How Income Is Shared  Idea Description: Are couples who share their income happier in their relationships than those that keep their money to themselves? Which group has a higher divorce rate? Couples can keep there own money and decides who pays for expenses, they can split expenses down the middle and then keep their own money, or they can also split expenses and then split whatever is left over equally. Even more extreme, some couples can even pool all their money and decide and track all purchases together. Which group is happiest in their relationship? How often does each group have money issues? How does the higher earner feel about how their partner uses money in each group? Which group fights about money the most often.  <|endoftext|>"
