"Idea Title: ASMR & Sleep  Idea Description: ASMR videos boast millions of views-- which means more and more people are turning to this method to help them sleep, but is it effective and how many people are giving it a try? Lets explore the weird world of ASMR to find the most popular types of videos-- talking, makeup tutorials, eating, etc. and rank how effective they are for falling asleep. We could also look at not just how many people are turning to this method, but how those who arent feel about the sensation. Further, lets explore how couples use these videos to fall asleep-- would you let your partner listen to ASMR videos to fall asleep? Does it keep the other person up, do they find it weird? Lets find out all of this.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep and Happiness  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore the correlations between healthy sleep and happiness. Well look at overall happiness as well happiness in various aspects of life.Are good sleepers more optimistic? Are they friendlier? Are they more likely to arrive at work with a smile on their face? Are they more likely to find joy in the day to day aspects of their life? Are they more likely to appreciate simple pleasures and less likely to seat the small stuff? Are they less likely to get in arguments and more likely to engage in friendly, casual conversation?Well compare good sleepers and bad sleepers to answer these questions and more. Is a good night of sleep the secret to a happier life?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Drug Use in America Reboot  Idea Description: The National Survey on Drug Use and Health monitors substance use in America for around 70,000 people, conducted by SAMHSA. They just released 2017 data. Because we have done campaigns in the past with this data set, this campaign will use new data to create a drug use profile of Americans, similar to this campaign: https://recoverybrands.com/drug-use-in-america/. Well create compelling and emotional visualizations that examine prevalence of binge-drinking, and specific illicit drugs such as opioids, cocaine, etc ... across age groups and previous years, which is something our past campaigns dont really do. We have 2016 data decoded and could add in 2015 and 2014 for year over looks.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Budgeting For Your Fitness Goals  Idea Description: Gym memberships, personal trainers, fitness gear and apparel'Aiall of it costs money. How much are people spending on their fitness goals? Let 's take a look at what people are spending on gym memberships/fitness classes and find out how many of them are actually taking full advantage of that price tag (how often they go, the perks they use/waste, etc.). In terms of an overall budget, much do people spend on their gym membership/fitness class per month versus other things like rent, phone, internet/streaming services, transportation, self-care (beauty, apparel, etc.), dining out, groceries, health insurance, etc. Also, does any of this vary across income status, generation, or gender?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Beyond Your Daily Workout  Idea Description: For this idea we would survey people who workout on what types mind and body exercises they do the most, along with their primary workout. This idea would be a look at secondary workouts, with a node diagram that shows the connection between workout categories. In addition, we would ask questions a number of questions about these secondary workouts, and segment results by primary workout. What percentage of people who workout also meditate, or perform other mindfulness routines? We would ask follow up questions about perceptions of stress, health, and more to determine what % of people who perform various primary exercises feel when adding these extra steps into their workout routine.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Delusional Drivers  Idea Description: Re-pitch:For this campaign, let 's highlight the gaps between perceived driving ability and historical driving records between genders and generations. First, we 'll have drivers rate their driving abilities: How skilled do you believe you are? How safe do you feel while driving? Do you trust others to drive you around? Would you describe yourself as a passive or aggressive driver? Next, we 'll follow-up with a series of questions about their actual driving history. How many times have you been pulled over? Received a speeding ticket? Experienced a car accident? Hit a furry little raccoon? Hit and run? are self-perceived skilled drivers actually terrible in reality? Let 's find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Juvenile Crime rates over time  Idea Description: analysis of national estimates of delinquency cases processed by the nation 's juvenile courts. With this application, users can perform unique analyses on the age, sex, and race of juveniles involved in these cases as well as the referral offense, the use of detention, adjudication and case disposition. Users can also view pre-formatted tables describing the demographic characteristics of youth involved in the juvenile justice system and how juvenile courts process these cases.Let 's look at how juvenile crimes have improved or gotten worse. How has the sentencing of these minors changed? What about offenses. Where are juveniles getting introuble most? no location based data  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Climate Change - Opinion vs Reality  Idea Description: Across the country, climate change is one of the most contentious issues of our time. Yale has done comprehensive surveys to measure peoples opinions on the topic, and as youd expect, there is a wide range of views from coast to coast. What Id like to see is if theres any connection between where people live and what they believe about climate change. Lets cross the Yale data with weather data to see which states/counties have had the greatest change in avg. temp. Are the people in these counties more or less likely to believe in climate change? Are people who live through California fires or southern hurricanes more convinced than those who live in more peaceful weather places? L  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleeping in Jeans (and other horrible things)  Idea Description: For AmerisleepSome clothes are simply not meant for sleeping. Jeans, for example, are some of those clothes. Lets find out the worst items of clothing people have slept in, and what the best clothes to sleep in are. We could also explore the worst PLACES people have slept. Which ones are the worst? Wed just provide a list of places, and then have people whove slept there rate the quality they received. Is a car worse than a park bench? We could have people write in the situations which forced them to sleep in horrible clothing and places (as long as they didnt get too racy). https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/a3ae3x/where_is_the_worst_place_youve_ever_slept/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Laid off. Now what?  Idea Description: While fearing our job security to automation, the unexpected can happen and then you\re left without a steady paycheck and benefits. How many Americans have a back up plan and who could survive on their side gigs alone? Let 's dig deeper to learn about how employees are coping when their department is no longer. Maybe their company had to make budget cuts and they weren 't supposed to take it personally? Which industries are suffering the worst? Are people better off with the change? Maybe they needed a reason to make a career hop. I think writers could turn this into a motivational piece on the next steps people should take and how to best prepare for this type of life event.  <|endoftext|>"
