"Idea Title: Mario For President!  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 gamers asking them which video game protagonists, or antagonists, would make the best President in 2020 (hint: its Dr. Mario). Whats more, well ask participants which video game characters have similar attributes of prominent politicians like Trump, Biden, Pelosi, McConnell, and so on (example: imagine Trump as Bowser or Duke Nukem). This campaign will feature amazing, shareable visuals thats bound to spark discourse online. To add a cherry on top, the LP can include an interactive, live-updating element where readers can vote for their video game president. Overall, its a super lighthearted piece that will generate some laughs across the internet.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Stress Spending  Idea Description: It goes without saying that theres a lot to be stressed out about. Depending on the level of stress, the cause, and the individual, spending on comfort items is liable to decrease. Which types of stress-relief purchases are people splurging on most? How much are they spending? Is there a connection between what people are stressed about and what theyre spending on?Do they feel that their purchasing habits have been changed for good? Do they expect to revert back to their typical spending patterns when everything is more or less back to normal?Stressors to look at:- Catching COVID-19- Economic effects of COVID-19- Racial issues- Effects of rioting- Upcoming election  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When Is It Okay to Spend the Night?  Idea Description: Sometimes, relationships progress very quickly and you allow someone to spend nights in your home before you know them very well. Perhaps all your friends are like, Gregory, what on Earth are you doing? You have known this woman for 12 hours. But you quickly realize that Gregory doesn 't care; he 's dumb and in love. For this idea, we 'll look at when people generally start letting their romantic interests spend the night. Outside of one-night stands, at what point in the relationship do people begin allow their people to wake up beside them? When are they allowed to spend time in your home without you (like linger after you leave to work if their day begins later than yours)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: One Car Couples  Idea Description: For this campaign, well survey couples who downsized to one car. Well explore the reasons why, the benefits and downsides, the realities of sharing one car, and more.What are the most common reasons why? Among those who do it for financial reasons (probably the majority) was it out of necessity or a desire to prioritize spending better? How much are they saving and what are they putting those savings towards? Are there ever conflicting plans, missed opportunities, and inconveniences when both people have somewhere to be?How many people are driving their partner to work or elsewhere, and are they getting more enjoyment out of that time? How many consider it an inconvenience?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Medicaid Map  Idea Description: I found a data set showing the sales of prescription drugs filled at pharmacies by state. I think it would be a cool and simple executed campaign to calculate the average by state, then have a diverging heat map shown on the map for states either above or below that average. }If we control and use a per capita per state, AND make this interactive based on the political governance of the state we could hit a home run by showing states that are conservative are spending more per citizten on medicaid than liberal states. https://www.kff.org/health-costs/state-indicator/total-retail-rx-drugs/?currentTimeframe=0&sortModel=%7B%22colId%22:%22Location%22,%22sort%22:%22asc%22%7D  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dating a Litterer  Idea Description: Would you rather date someone who smokes or someone who throws fast food out of their car? This campaign would look at the environment, and about how much people care about it, from the perspectives of relationships, finance, and our own morals. How many people would litter their fast food bag for a dollar? (What would the number be?) How important is the environment for millennials, and are they full of it? Would a ton date a litterer? Where does climate change rank on the importance list for millennials? This piece could give some nice hope for the future, or show (hopefully) that for $5 i could pretty easily get you to break your own moral code when it came to the environment  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Total Recall: Most Iconic Movie Cars  Idea Description: Most movies have cars in them, but when the cars eclipse the actors and become the star of the film thats an indicator of a legendary movie car. From the sleek, high-tech Bat Mobile to the time-traveling De Lorean, Hollywood has experienced this phenomenon unfold on-screen. For this project, lets tap the Internet Movie Cars Database (imcdb) to compile a list of the most featured and famous cars in movies. From here, well conduct a survey, designed with open-ended questions, to test the memories of movie buffs along generational lines. Whats the most memorable movie car? Whos more likely to recall these hot whips? Whos got their cars and movies all mixed up? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Total Recall: Most Iconic Movie Cars  Idea Description: Most movies have cars in them, but when the cars eclipse the actors and become the star of the film thats an indicator of a legendary movie car. From the sleek, high-tech Bat Mobile to the time-traveling De Lorean, Hollywood has experienced this phenomenon unfold on-screen. For this project, lets tap the Internet Movie Cars Database (imcdb) to compile a list of the most featured and famous cars in movies. From here, well conduct a survey, designed with open-ended questions, to test the memories of movie buffs along generational lines. Whats the most memorable movie car? Whos more likely to recall these hot whips? Whos got their cars and movies all mixed up? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Lying On Your Resume  Idea Description: Unsure if weve ever explored this topic before, but how many people are lying on their resumes? How many people think its OK? To what degree do they lie on their resume--is it more blanket terms like writing and editing or are they lying about knowledge of entire programs (e.g. Photoshop)? I think breakdowns by gender and age could be interesting here (Id love industry but dont think thats possible). For those that admitted to lying, what was it like when they started their job? Did they feel like they were incredibly far behind? Did their employer catch them in their lie with how long it took them to learn the things they fibbed about? I think theres a lot to explore here.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Working in the Gig Economy  Idea Description: Earlier this year (June) the Bureau of Labor Statistics published data on contingent and alternative employment arrangements. The data includes number and demographics of workers in alternative employment arrangements (e.g. freelancers) and compares them with workers in traditional work arrangements. Data includes occupation, industry, school enrollment and level of education, percentage who prefers alternative vs traditional work arrangements, median weekly earnings, as well as questions about electronically mediated employment (generally defined as short jobs or tasks that workers find through mobile apps that both connect them with customers and arrange payment for the tasks).  <|endoftext|>"
