"Idea Title: Self care spending  Idea Description: I LOVE facemasks and face care. This is definitely a psluge area for me. SO i am wondering if people are willing to spend or save in this areaso like i am specific and i wont put cheap stuff on my face, but not everyone is like thisso for this campaign we can cover a timely element: how much in the last 6 months have people spent on self care or spa products do they have a minimum amount they need to spend for a product to be enough quality for them to usewhere do people feel they have spent more money in the last 6 months: face care, hair care, body care etc.do they anticipate keeping up this self care or is it short lived? have they always been this way?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Birth Control - How much do you really know?  Idea Description: For this campaign, we could survey people on their knowledge of different birth control methods. Which ones do they think are most effective, are they aware of potential side effects? And, more importantly, do they actually know how to correctly use their chosen way of birth control? For instance, the arm implant and IUDs are deemed to be the safest forms of birth control (less than 1 person per 100 getting pregnant per year), while condoms (despite their advantage of protecting against STDs) are only deemed to be about 85% effective, potentially due to user error.Are younger generations more aware of the different birth control options and their effectiveness than older ones?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bed Makers vs Non Bed Makers  Idea Description: There are two types of people: bed makers vs non bed makers, but what does this one habit say about your personality? What are the most common habits (reading, watching cartoons, talking to a friend, etc.) before going to sleep/ waking up for each? How do they prioritize diet, fitness, health? Who is most likely to smoke cigarettes, drink alcohol'Aiis wine more popular among non bed makers while beer is more common among bed makers? How many people judge someone over this one habit? What about if you found out your romantic partner didnt make your bed'Aidoes that change your opinion of them? Which relationship status is most common among them, how often are they having sex, etc.?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: More Than the Necessary  Idea Description: This campaign looks at adding things to your car insurance plans, so things people add to their plans that exceed the bare minimum required by law, such as higher coverage, roadside assistance, rental car insurance, etc. How many people are paying double for insurance features they never use, how many pay double (e.g., roadside assistance with insurance and with AAA)? How many people had to pay for towing, flat tire repair, etc. themselves that didn 't add those features on to their insurance plans? Will they add them on next time? What 's the amount of money people actually lose because they get a cheaper plan and then have to pay for stuff themselves/out of pocket?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Stay-at-home Dad/Working Mom  Idea Description: Let explore the lifestyles, dynamics, and hidden attitudes of families where the typical American roles are reversed. Why do partners decide to do it? Does either resent the other about making the decision to have this dynamic, or was it a totally mutual agreement? Do the men feel emasculated at all? Does either partner get annoyed when people express surprise or confusion about why they have this type of family dynamic? What misconceptions do they wish they could reverse? To tie this to moving, we can look at the roles they take in the home. Who moved in the furniture -- a sterotypically male task? Decorating the living room -- a stereotypically female task? Things like that!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Recreational Map of America  Idea Description: Yelp Fusion 's endpoints include an Active Life which includes everything from kite surfing to horseback riding, axe throwing and countless other recreational activities. Using Yelp, we 'll pull recreational activities, their number of facilities and the average ratings to determine what the most popular recreational activity is in each state. Takeaways will include fun maps of the top outdoor vs indoor activities by state, and the names of the highest facility. Audiences will ultimately come away with top recreational recommendations for their next trip, and the outdoor vs indoor element gives them an opportunity for a more COVID-safe experience if that 's what they\re after.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How small is too small?  Idea Description: When youre moving in with your romantic partner, you might think that youre never going to get sick of each other or need alone time. But after a few months, are couples living in tiny studios or one bedroom apartments or homes at each others throats? Lets survey couples who live together, preferably without the added variable of children, and see if happiness, harmony, and even sexual satisfaction have any relationship with house size (in # rooms or square feet). Are partners who live in smaller dwellings more likely to make an effort to get out of the house, make plans with friends? Do couples living in small v. large dwellings fight about different topics? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: r/AskDocs Analysis  Idea Description: If youre experiencing a minor medical issues, theres a subreddit where you can submit health-related questions to receive a response from real + verified doctors/medical professionals. For this project, lets run a text and sentiment analysis on this thread to identify the most common questions and solutions. Which health-related issues/symptoms have the highest number of posts? What are the strangest questions asked? Lets create an interactive that will allow readers to select a symptoms, say sore throat, and read common questions and answers. This will serve as an awesome resource for the clients site, and perhaps we can focus on solutions that recommend prescription drugs?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Rise of Superfluous Celebrations  Idea Description: in almost direct contradiction to my last idea, there has been a great rise in celebrating life events more than ever before! If youre invited to a wedding, youre also going to be attending the engagement party, the bridal shower, the bachelor party, the welcome dinner, AND the post-wedding brunch. If you have a baby, its now standard to have a a shower AND a gender reveal. We even have divorce parties and pet birthday parties. Lets survey people to find out how widespread these new celebrations are. Who is most likely to attend and throw them? How much has been spent being a guest? Which of these parties do people find most ridiculous - and which ones do they actually like?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Smoking Pot with Mom, Dad and Crazy Uncle Mike  Idea Description: Smoke pot? Ever smoked with your mom? What about other family members? For this idea we would survey people who smoke marijuana and ask them if theyve ever smoked with family members. #1. we would determine just how many people smoke with various family members, and #2. follow up questions about those experiences, when and where, first times, how the topic was brought up, and more... Do you hide certain aspects of your habit from your parents? Like, do they know you smoke, but youve never done it in front of them? Have your parents ever asked you for weed? This idea would be a deep dive into marijuana habits surrounding smoking pot with your family members and inside the home.  <|endoftext|>"
