"Idea Title: Screen Time  Idea Description: When I wake up, I grab my phone and read the news and check the weather. Then, on the bus I stare at my phone screen more. I get to work and look at my computer screen for 7 hours. I get home and watch netflix. All day, I am staring at a screen. I hate it, but I cant help it, and sometimes I cant stop. How much time are people spending in front of a screen? in a day? in a lifetime? Lets calculate how much average screen time a person will endure over their lifetime. We can break it down by generation, job, income, etc. We can also ask people about how they feel after several hours of screen time. Ask how they think screen time is affecting their mental and physical health.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Talking Smack and Throwing Punches on the Field  Idea Description: Recently, an NHL game between the Rangers and Capitals saw six fights in the first five minutes, which resulted in multiple player injuries. The public outcry has been swift, particularly for a sport known for its on-ice brawls. Lets explore perceptions on fights during sporting events. Do people think it adds to the entertainment value? Or do people think its poor sportsmanship? Do people think players are ever justified for fighting on the field/ice/arena? What do people think are appropriate consequences for fighting -- are the current ones too strict or not strict enough? Are people more/less likely to watch sporting events when theres a possibility of player fights?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: American Opinions on the Legality of Commonly Known Substances  Idea Description: Theres an argument to be made that all drugs should be legal. Similar to the argument for prostitution, proponents of universal drug legalization believe a regulated environment would make it safer for drug user and result in less drug deaths. It would also undermine cartel efforts and the dangers of domestic drug gang activity. Some people think drugs should be legal solely on the basis that it is not the governments business what a person opts to consume. And as me know we have people like Jeff Sessions on the opposite end of the spectrum that think marijuana is satan and worse than climate change. Lets explore this spectrum of opinions and see who thinks what and why.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Armchair Manager  Idea Description: Repitch from Ryan Serpico for AWL 7/2018:https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UliLOP33uVYG8vG3R0BAcnRRTzxN__d-GEM1isTQTcE/edit?usp=sharingMuch like armchair quarterbacks people come around to believing that they make better decisions than their bosses or managers without actually being one themselves. They will be observing their boss or manager in the workplace making a decision, and will think boy, what are they doing. He should have done this instead. Let 's ask people if they believe that they are more capable when it comes to making the best decisions for their business, and we could correlate it with their overall job satisfaction, seniority, industry, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: New Frontier of Ethical Privacy and XR security  Idea Description: At the advent of a any new tech there are ethical and security considerations that are part of the conversation ( hopefully). Extended reality tech or XR as it is some times referred to for short definitely came into this world quickly and only now is the framework for how to make things safe, inclusive and ethical trickling into the public eye. While most everyone knows about traditional issues in cyber security, hacking, stealing info etc. The safety concerns for XR are slightly different, more personal and potentially more impactful as XR dances on the edge of our perceptions, immersive environments and impacts our minds more deeply in less time than traditional media.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Predatory Mortgages?  Idea Description: In 2015, Buzzfeed reporters unearthed data showing that minorities were being specifically targeted using predatory mobile home loans. This shady practice might have stopped since it was exposed, but has it changed in appearance?Lets explore data from the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act database and see where minority races, women, etc are being denied loans in a higher proportion than national average AND where all people might be approved for shady mortgages involving ballooning payments/negative amortization, etc.This is a massive amount of data available so it will need to be downloaded and browsed. I am uploading a sample/filtered file just for one city as a preview.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Perfect Body  Idea Description: The standard for female beauty has always been unrealistically thin, but as societys focus has shifted towards prioritizing body positivity and health/fitness, the tone around this standard has been more subjective. Athletic, pear shaped, curvy, hourglass, slim, etc.'Aiwhich is considered to be THE most attractive and how does that vary among generations/genders? Since millennials grew up with these drastic and frequent pivots, lets specifically dive in to see if and how their perception of the ideal body type has changed over time. In contrast, are people more motivated to exercise/diet because of the mental health benefits or the impact it has on their physical appearance?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Which streaming service has the best shows? (How much $ are you paying for shitty shows?)  Idea Description: Lets run an analysis comparing all of the streaming titles by service and average their ratings to uncover which services have the best/worst rated movies/TV shows.Is Netflix really the leader in streaming titles, or does Hulu actually have the best-rated shows?We can break this down by genre, TV shows, and movies to give us a lot of different rankings. Horror fans might have the best options on Netflix, while comedy fans have the best selection on Hulu. Fans of TV series might have the best options on Amazon. Lets find out. We can also calculate the monthly price plan to find out how much youre really paying for shitty shows vs. quality shows on all platforms.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Working from Bed  Idea Description: Lets explore more about WFH employees and how often theyre actually working at a desk. I had one asset about this in a WFH campaign I did for porch, but I bet we can get more people to admit they do some work from bed, either during the daytime, or late at night/morning. Wed ask about technology in the bedroom generally, how many people have the TV running all night, how many people have policies with their spouses about no working from bed, and ask about work satisfaction, stress levels, and more and compare people who do work from bed and dont. Wed also do the same for sleep quality - does working before bed make you dream about work more? Does it make you sleep worse?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Makes an Effective Mentor?  Idea Description: What makes a good mentor? Who do we consider to be our mentors, and how many people are at work right now feeling mentor-less? Using a survey, lets explore good and bad experiences with mentors (differentiating this from Claires ZenBusiness project on career coaching). How does a mentor affect our growth at work, and should we look for in-office mentors, industry mentors or someone completely removed from where we work and what we do? How many people do we have in our lives that we would consider mentors? What types of things do people want to be coached on the most, and how effective are mentors in doing this? We can segment data by gender, job level and type of role.  <|endoftext|>"
