"Idea Title: #IStayHomeFor  Idea Description: Using the valuable new tool from SEMrush, let 's conduct a Twitter analysis of some of the year 's most trending hashtags, many of which were specifically about staying home.To start, we can conduct an analysis for the tweets:#StayHome and#IStayHomeForData from SEMrush will return the average sentiment of all tweets using these tags, the most commonly associated tags, the most commonly used emojis, and the top tweets using each tag overall.See an example report here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1e3vGOSsiN3eAF_Ny7i0JZlR6VwCh57dpJexSN6KjlI4/edit#gid=444071421With this data, we can answer the question, what did people stay home for during COVID?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Does Business Have to Be Socially Responsible  Idea Description: Cancel culture has been a heated topic of debate-- Should businesses have all support stripped from them if they support something socially unethical? How many have personally stopped supporting a business they were previous consumers for because they found out they supported causes they didn 't? Which causes are the most important for consumers? Should all companies have a hand in trying to make the world better? How many believe companies should not feel responsible for social issues or politics? Can you still be a good person if you knowingly support a company that has been criticized before? How many still support companies that have been controversial? Why?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: COVID Crafted Crap  Idea Description: If you go to Etsy right now and search resin prepare for your computer to freeze and potentially catch on fire. For this campaign, we 'll explore the increase in crafting during the pandemic (which is awesome) by analyzing the increase in items (overall and by type) on Etsy.How much did the overall Etsy catalog grow? How many new vendors signed up in 2020? Which categories (other than masks, obviously) had the most growth? Which keywords (resin, handmade, handcrafted) were the most prevalent and popular? These are among the many things we 'll explore.Maybe we can throw a survey in here too, asking how many people picked up a crafty hobby or purchased crafty items.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Work Snoozes: Riveting or Ridiculous  Idea Description: More and more companies are focusing on company culture and employee wellness. From open floor plans, to couches and treadmill desks (thanks Fractl), but what about napping in the office?! With innovations like nap pods at work and even nap lounges, many employees are encouraged to take mid-day snoozes to increase productivity and memory retention. Lets survey full-time employees (and managers) to see their thoughts on implementing naps in the workplace.https://www.theladders.com/career-advice/tired-at-work-try-out-this-new-nap-pod-loungehttps://www.seattletimes.com/business/would-you-rent-a-bed-by-the-hour-napping-pod-startup-targets-exhausted-workers-students/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Being the DD  Idea Description: When someone is a DD for the night, how strictly do they stick to no drinking and no taking drugs? How many people will still have a drink or two even if theyre the DD? How many people would trust a DD who had certain number of drinks? How does this differ by gender? Do people trust someone whos high but not drunk to be their DD?Are people more likely to have a friend be a DD or order an uber or a taxi? Are they prioritizing being able to drink with friends, or saving money by having a friend drive?Separate thing we can add into it: How much money people spend on a night out on food, booze, and uber and how much money could people save by having a DD  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Storing Your Credit Cards  Idea Description: Do people who have their credit cards saved on their phones spend more money? How many people know their credit/debit card numbers off the top of their heads? Do they spend more money online shopping because they dont need to get up for their wallet when theyre ready to check out? Do they have more debt than people who dont have these numbers memorized? This campaign would look at whether something as simple as knowing your card number can make you more likely to spend, spend, spend. We could also look at peoples habits in terms of saving their payment info on websites they frequent a lot to see if that affects spending also. (pitched to crediful but not selected)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Power of Eye Contact  Idea Description: How can eye contact impact our interactions on a personal and professional level? Making genuine eye contact when you are walking by people or engaging in conversation shows you are confident and paying attention but where does the line cross from confident to creepy or just rude (from avoiding or looking too intently). In addition to seeing how much time is appropriate/ inappropriate we can survey across genders, generations, in both work environment, intimate relationships and family and friends to see how it varies across diff scenarios. we can get into perceptions of ppl who give eye contact vs perceptions of ppl who avoid it and why ppl are avoiding eye contact too  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do Millennials Understand Social Security  Idea Description: If you were to ask millennials about social security, they would probably just say its money you get from the government when you retire. But do they know how the system works, its current state, and do they expect to collect it? Lets survey all Americans and focus on Millennials to find out what they know about social security. How many people know they pay into social security? Do people think social security will last forever? Do they expect to see full benefits? Do people think that they will have enough money to not need social security? How does this change at each age as they get older? Who plans to solely rely on social security for their post-retirement income?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are Streaming Services Sweeping Awards Ceremonies?  Idea Description: If you scroll through the winners and nominees from the 2020 golden globes, its plain to see that shows/movies produced by nontraditional companies like Netflix are absolutely killing it with critics. For example, 2/5 nominees for Best Picture were NETFLIX films!!!Lets gather the nominees and winners for the last 20-30 years of the Golden Globes and plot out the percentages of winners/nominees that were from streaming services. Of course, it will increase over time, but we can see the rise and fall of different production companies. I think it will be interesting just to see this evolution in chart form.We could potentially look at the Academy Awards as well.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Burning the Midnight Oil Amid Covid-19  Idea Description: In this project, lets survey 1,000 remote employees about the work activities that have them burning the midnight oil and how theyre affected the next day. On average, what time are remote workers going to bed amid the pandemic? Whats their ideal bedtime? What percentage are working past midnight? Is this more common among managers and self-employed individuals? What are their reason for working late? Are they more creative/productive at night? Are they working toward a promotion or raise? Do people who stay up later earn more, on average? How is performance at work affected the next day? What non-work activities are keeping people up (sex, streaming services, etc.)?  <|endoftext|>"
