"Idea Title: Early Birds at Work  Idea Description: In the job market, are early birds viewed as being more proactive, motivated and successful than those who are not morning people? Do employers think night owl-types are less productive or motivated? Do employers value being early versus being on time? With this campaign, well survey people who are employed as well as employers to understand perceptions around early employees vs regular ones, looking at questions of sleep, restfulness in parallel to perceptions of motivation and productivity. We will ask those early birds how much sleep they sacrifice in order to get to the office early, and what they perceive payoffs to be. How do industries value the early person?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: A Nation of Languages  Idea Description: The United States is not a homogenous nation. And today, European nations are swiftly becoming more and more heterogenous as well, as immigrants and refugees from the Middle East and Southeast Asia relocate to the Western world. Lets show just how diverse and nuanced American culture is today, by looking at the languages spoken at home by Americans. Using the Census data, we can answer questions like: Which metropolitan statistical area has the most diverse speakers? Which MSA has the greatest concentration of Spanish speakers, or Asian and Pacific Islander speakers? How diverse is the average American metropolis, when we consider the 100 largest (by population) MSAs?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: GPT-3 City Association  Idea Description: Thinking of moving to a new city? Looking for a list of places that have the qualities you\re looking for, but don 't have the time to comb the entire internet to gather humanity 's collective opinion? Luckily, someone has that taken care of.This campaign will ask GPT-3 to generate bunches of responses to a prompt asking about the best places to move for someone who 's interested in a political city. For example, we might ask GPT-3 to suggest cities that are comparable to Austin, TX and that would appeal to fans of Austion but are not Austin itself. We will parse these responses and identify the most common cities GPT-3 brings up as a sort of internet consensus.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sports Injury Frequency  Idea Description: Athletes suffer injuries all the time, and some sports can be considered more dangerous than others, so let 's quantify it. What are the most frequent injuries within certain sports, and how much more frequently do they happen across sports? Is it medically more costly to be an athlete within a certain sport? Maybe we can also call out certain athletes who just get injured way more than everyone else, and compare their average amount injuries to the overall average for someone in their profession It\d be interesting to show stats on less popular sports as well because when you google most dangerous sports, Cheerleading comes up before Rugby in the list.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: [Rework] Confessions of Adult Sleepovers  Idea Description: When you first begin dating/hooking up with someone, you are most likely on your best behavior. Before that first sleepover, you probably clean up clutter, wash your sheets, etc. But as time goes on, you get comfortable in the relationship. Once you move in together, the eccentricities eventually come out.Lets survey couples in long-term relationships about their partners quirky bedtime habits and how long it took for them to emerge. What are the weirdest types of behaviors? What makes people the most frustrated / disturbed? Stealing the sheets? Hygiene sticklers? Snoring? What are the most embarrassing rituals? Removing your makeup? Putting on your rash cream?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hoarding Cash Back  Idea Description: Are you a cashback rewards hoarder? Maybe youre waiting for that rare double points offer, maybe youre saving it for a rainy day, or maybe you just like to see the total stack up at the end of the month.Lets run a simple survey execution asking respondents about their rewards and cashback use habits.What is the ratio of rewards use for paying off debt to personal spending? Do you spend strictly on travel, entertainment, or large purchases? How long on average before you claim your rewards? How frequently are you juggling cards to stack rewards? Whats keeping you from claiming/spending? Maybe you feel guilty about using those rewards on non-essential goods.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is a Pandemic the Right Time to Start a Business?  Idea Description: Lets run a short survey that gauges public interest in forming a small business amid the pandemic. What percentage have started, or plan to start, a small business during these tumultuous times? Well filter this question by gender and generation for newsworthy takeaways? Why do they feel like now is the right time to start a business? What percentage of employees feel compelled to start a business after being laid off or receiving a salary cut? Of those who dont aspire to start a business right now, whats holding them back? Of those who have started a small business, what are the challenges they face? Which demographic are more likely to experience these setbacks?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Negotiate  Idea Description: whether you are a new employee or up for review at your current company, salary negotiation is intimidating and sometimes avoided. we would survey employees about their history with wage negotiations to see how many people have successfully negotiated in the past and what the strategies were that were used. this is universal bc its a super uncomfortable situation we all come head to head with but some ppl ignore the conversation an some will assess it as a good risk to go for so also delving into what type of ppl are most likely to negotiate will be interesting. are there industries/ages/genders/ experience levels that are most likely to get a raise when negotiating  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: BRFSS Senior (Active) Living  Idea Description: Lets look at physical activity and health of seniors using BRFSS. Where to the most active 55+ residents? Which gender is the most active among seniors?Now thinking about yourphysical health, whichincludes physical illnessand injury, for how manydays during the past 30days was your physicalhealth not good?Because of aphysical, mental, oremotionalcondition, do youhave seriousdifficultyconcentrating,remembering, ormaking decisions? During the past month,other than your regularjob, did you participate inany physical activities orexercises such asrunning, calisthenics,golf, gardening, orwalking for exercise?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dating Your Friends Sibling  Idea Description: Pretty much everybody has had a crush on a friends sibling, and some people have been fortunate or foolish enough to make something happen with them. For this campaign, well explore perceptions and experiences surrounding this topic.How many people have had a crush on a friends sibling? How many people have had a friend crush on their sibling?How many friends have dated/hooked up/hit on/etc their friends sibling? What happened? Did the friend find out? Were they upset? Did the person or the sibling tell them about it or did they get caught?How did it feel to date their friends sibling? Was it more exciting/thrilling/interesting? Did they feel guilty?  <|endoftext|>"
