"Idea Title: Ideal Age to Hold Political Office  Idea Description: In November, it is assumed the country will vote between two political candidates both over the age 70. Many have argued that the age of political candidates no longer reflects the values and positions of the average American. The average age of senators is 61.8, one of the oldest U.S. Senates in history.To explore this idea further, well conduct a survey of Americans to determine their perceptions of the ideal age to hold various political offices. How young is too young? How old is too old? And how do these perceptions vary between Gen Z, Millennials, Gen X, and Baby Boomers?We can also compare these perceptions to actual ages of various political offices.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Good Driver Rewards  Idea Description: Some insurance companies are now offering apps that monitor drivers safety - and then reward them according to their performance. For safe drivers, this could seem amazing! But for people like me, this sounds like a way to end up paying WAY more for car insurance. Other apps are offering cash or food rewards to good drivers, which may be more motivating. Lets survey drivers and see how many would be open to letting their insurance company monitor their driving performance via app. We could also see how much cash theyd require to be monitored, and whether or not people think this is a good idea to make roads safer especially in regards to texting behind the wheel.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Catching Feelings  Idea Description: For people who have a FWB or have had one in the past, have they ever caught feelings, or had their FWB catch feelings for them? How did they deal with it? Did they stay together or break things off? Are men or women more likely to admit to catching feelings for a FWB? How many people go into a FWB situation with someone they already had feelings for, and how did it turn out for them? How many people never tell the other person they caught feelings for them? How many people dont want their FWB to ever catch feelings for them? How many people are okay with it?Are people who have more sex with their FWB more or less likely to catch feelings for them?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Uber Breaking the Budget  Idea Description: A friend of mine from Chicago was recently bemoaning her monthly Uber expenses. As a city-dweller who also needs to commute to the suburbs, she owns a car and pays all the expenses that come with it: car insurance, gas, repairs, etc. She does her best to use public transportation whenever possible, but she was saying small Uber trips really added up for her each month. For this campaign, lets ask people about their monthly Uber/ridesharing habits: how often they take them, what the typical cost is, whether they tip their drivers, what the total monthly cost is of all their ridesharing expenses, where they take Ubers to and from, whether they have a car or not, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Popular Amazon Purchases That Could Have Been Made at Local Businesses  Idea Description: Amazon has a tool on their website that lets you export all your purchase history in a machine readable format. For this campaign we can ask MTurk users to download their purchase histories and submit them to us.Then, we can tag the purchases by category and come up with small businesses that carry comparable products.With this project we can create content that encourages people to support small businesses, its timely because of the COVID-19 crisis. This sort of extends some of the content weve seen talking about people wanting to support local businesses as a response to larger supply chains failing and wanting to keep money in their local communities.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Comparing Motorists and Cyclists Perceptions  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets conduct a survey to see how the average motorist perceive cyclists in America. Do you think the average cyclist follows the law? Do they put themselves and others in danger? How annoying is it when a cyclist is riding infront of your car? Would you vote to end cyclists driving alongside cars on the street? On the flipside, lets survey avid cyclists about their experiences riding next to the average American driver. Have you ever been hit by a car? Do you think motorists follow the rules of the road? Should bike lanes be implemented everywhere? Do motorists and cyclists have common complaints against each other? Where is the common ground?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Generational Camping  Idea Description: Well conduct a survey to find trends in camping over time, specifically by generation. How common are camping trips today compared to 20 years ago? 40 years ago? How much do people enjoy camping? What do they enjoy about it? Who do they go with? How long do they stay?Break up by generation. Ask respondents about their camping opinions and habits when they were young, as well as their habits and opinions presently. Was camping more popular back in the day? Did the average camping trip last longer? Did they bring fewer amenities? Which kinds? Did they sleep in tents, or just sleeping bags, campers/RVs? Was it easier to fall asleep, and did they sleep better?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Nursing & Residential Care BLS Data  Idea Description: Lets look closer at the employment statistics in the Nursing and Residential Care Facilities: NAICS 623 data from the BLS. The nursing and residential care facilities subsector consists of these industry groups:Nursing Care Facilities: NAICS 6231Residential Mental Retardation, Mental Health and Substance Abuse Facilities: NAICS 6232Community Care Facilities for the Elderly: NAICS 6233Other Residential Care Facilities: NAICS 6239We could also pair this with a supplemental survey of healthcare workers who work with the elderly to get their perceptions and why they went into that line of work. We could probably get some emotional write ins/takeaways  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is NFT art Sustainable?  Idea Description: The process of turning your work into an NFT is known as minting which refers to the act of creating a new token on the Blockchain that will forever be attached to that content. When an artist mints a new NFT, they attach a built-in commission (usually 10-30%) that they will receive any time that work is resold in the future-www.kapwing.com So whether you have a handmade sports drawing or a 3d animated basketball that spins on your finger to sell online it can be turned into an NFT but how much power does it take to mint a piece of art for NFT. Does it depend on the file size of the art ? What is the environmental impact compared to physical or traditional art?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Opening a Credit Card for X  Idea Description: A few years ago, one of my close friends opened a credit card with the sole purpose of buying his Ultra Music Festival ticket. I believe he 's still paying it back, but this got me thinking - what events, rewards, services and emergencies are people opening credit cards for? This will be a survey-based execution asking 1,000 Americans why they 've opened some of their credit cards. We 'll also ask: How many credit cards do you have? What 's your payment strategy? What 's the wildest purchase you 've open a card for? Let 's break down results by different demographics to see what ridiculous things Millennials are opening cards for compared to Baby Boomers, etc...  <|endoftext|>"
