"Idea Title: Measuring Recipe Fluff Content  Idea Description: Nothing is more frustrating than trying to find a recipe and having to scroll through 10 paragraphs of filler content before getting to the actual ingredients.In this campaign, well attempt to quantify just how much content on a standard recipe page is useless information and the amount of time wasted having to scroll past it all.To find out, we can either locate an open recipe API or ask MTurkers/freelancers to collect a sample of (300 hundred ? 1 thousand?) recipes.Well quantify filler content either by measuring the number of pixels between top of page and the actual recipe and/or by counting the amount of text on the page unrelated to the recipe.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Skin Care - How much is really needed?  Idea Description: Everyone has seen aisles full of skin care products in stores, claiming to help with all kinds of problems, but do they really work, and what is really needed to keep skin healthy?While I am sure most people are aware that sunscreen is a must, what other skin care treatments are actually beneficial?We could run a survey to see how people see skin car issues, what they consider important, and what they consider to be peoples must-have things. Do people follow specific daily routines, how many products are used, and do they use prescriptions? Do people visit dermatologists, or do they just google and see what kind of care they think they need for their skin?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Musical Finances  Idea Description: Every genre of music promotes a certain lifestyle, so lets dive in to see if/how peoples music preferences impact them financially. What is the average salary across music genres? How much do people need to make (salary) in order to feel financially secure; what about financial happiness? Regardless of their ideal salaries, which genres are already the most financially secure/happy? What are people most frugal about and when are they spending most lavishly (housing, apparel, travel, hobbies, food/bev, etc.)? What about the average amount of credit card debt, personal savings, credit score, etc? Are certain genre-listeners more financially conscious than others?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Battle of the Generations  Idea Description: What are the skills that each generation thinks they are the best at? This project would compile a list of skills commonly requested either in job postings or on resumes and ask people different scales how efficient they are at them, how much learning they think they could do for that particular skill, what they think other generations excel in and compare opinions of self and of others in a head to head generation comparison. As 2019 approaches, more and more Gen Zers are entering the workforce so being able to include them and get their opinions would be interesting and could be done with an outside source like Reddit (in addition to our typical MTurk route)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Music Evolution  Idea Description: What was someone 's favorite artist/genre during their childhood/teens vs now? At what age do people most commonly stop seeking out new music? How do people qualify a song as good vs bad and how does that differ from their past favorites? What about when it comes to nostalgia'Aiare we making exceptions when it comes to our musical preferences in the sake of a past connection to a song and how so? What are the most popular nostalgic songs? How did they discover music while growing up versus now (friends, spotify, limewire, last.fm, radio, etc.)? How many people were concerned about how people judged their taste in music vs now; if so, what age did that change?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I Raise You...  Idea Description: For this idea, lets compare some of the more traditional aspects of a raise (i.e. money) versus those that are a little newer (i.e. additional WFH days). How many people are still going in following the myth ask for more than you want and youll have a higher likelihood of getting what you want? How many people stick to only asking for raises during reviews versus asking at another time during the year? If someone didnt get the monetary value they were looking for, are they asking for anything else? How many people simply stop asking for anything when they hear no on their salary request? We could break these down by gender for interesting comparisons, too.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Team Bonding While WFH During Coronavirus  Idea Description: We are fortunate to be able to continue working during these circumstances. However, being used to going to an office and interacting with our colleagues daily, How can we avoid losing that human element that one cannot get when locked up in his house? Team bonding is an essential factor for companies and their cultures, so what can be done to keep it going remotely? How do employees feel after a few weeks/months of not having contact with their peers? What ideas do employees have to continue bonding with their office colleagues? What do those who live alone think? How to bond with your team remotely when youre not used to working from home? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Greatest Underdogs in Sports History  Idea Description: For this campaign, let 's pull archived championship odds for the four major sports via sportsoddshistory.com and oddsharks.com, to determine the sports in which underdogs have the most success. To keep this analysis within scope, let 's only analyze the past 10 years (available on sportsoddshistory.com). We can label teams as underdogs based on historic odds, team record, or by creating a meta-score combining multiple factors. Which sports do underdogs have the best chance of success? Who were the top underdogs of the past 10 years? This should be a fairly simple execution and will generate 2-3 compelling takeaways for casual and hardcore sports fans, alike.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Would You Give Up Weed For X?  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 cannabis-consumers to determine the most outrageous things people would give up to continue their pot smoking ways. This will be a lighthearted campaign that is fueled by ridiculous, hypothetical scenarios with the intention of enticing publishers and increasing virality. How many people would forgo a 10% raise to continue smoking for the next 5 years? What percentage would break up with their current partner for a lifetime supply of bud? Who would chop off their left pinky to avoid pausing their toking habits? Lets breakdown results by demographics such as gender and generation as well as measures of life satisfaction + stress.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Crypto Search Correlation Network Chart  Idea Description: Did you know searches of bitcoin correlated highly with searches for moon leggings and doge meme?For this idea, we 'll use the Google 's advanced correlate feature to explore trends, correlations, and fluctuations in cryptocurrency-related searches both over time, by country, by state, and by how different search terms relate to one other.By querying all search terms related to cryptocurrency, bitcoin, etc. we can then search for correlations to those terms, developing an advanced network of what people search for in relation the topic.To best see this in use, I suggest briefly trying the tool here:https://www.google.com/trends/correlate/  <|endoftext|>"
