"Idea Title: Most loved & hated NBA teams (biggest rivalries)  Idea Description: This will be a study that reveals the most loved and hated NBA players and teams on Reddit. Additionally, we will look at which fan bases hate certain teams the most. Do certain rivalries still exists among fan bases? Do Memphis Grizzlies fans really hate the Clippers the most in 2018? And do Miami Heat fans really despise the Knicks the most 2018? We will also analyze the NBA subreddit and do a sentiment analyze/keyword search to reveal the most hated teams overall. Lastly, if we wanted to, we could look into ranking players based on the love and hate they receive.We can analyze Reddit threads to reveal the most loved and hated teams and players.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How The World Sleeps  Idea Description: For this project, lets tap Prolifics international participant pool to survey 1,000 people around their world about their sleep routines. To differentiate from similar studies floating on the web, lets explore avenues such as the countries who say work/productivity takes precedence over rest and the regions glorifying naps. Which countries are receiving 7 to 8 hours of shut eye each night? How do bed preferences vary by country? What percentage of global respondents prefer to sleep alone? How many pillows do people typically sleep with? By leveraging validated scales for different measures we can provide insights on how sleep affects humans around the world.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Adjusting Sleep Schedules in 2020  Idea Description: With so many people working from home and the many stresses of 2020 impacting the quality of sleep people are getting, Im wondering if people have drastically changed their sleep schedules over the course of 2020.Are people pushing back their wake-up times now that they dont have a commute? Are they staying up later because they dont have to get up as early? How many people have stayed consistent with their sleep despite all the ups and downs of 2020? Are there differences in sleep quality and stress among all these groups? Do people typically like their new sleep schedule, or do they miss their old one? What effects have they seen on their daily lives?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Car-Buying Knowledge Gaps  Idea Description: We all know you need to go into the car-buying process armed with time and knowledge. We do the research, make our budgets, and feel like we know our stuff. However, even the most diligent among us can get overwhelmed by the process and make mistakes based on huge knowledge gaps. For this campaign, lets survey people whove bought cars recently. How many people were in for a nasty surprise when it came time to talking about financing? How many people know what GAP insurance is? Do people research prices and car models before they go into a dealership like theyre supposed to? How many people dont factor in the cost of interest when taking on a car loan?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Rules for Drinking Alone  Idea Description: Theres been a recent trend to erase the stigma surrounding eating alone but has the sentiment crossed over to drinking? Is having a beer at the bar a toast to ones independence or a warning flag for alcoholism?For women, the implications can be different and stigmas more so.In this campaign, well examine the perceptions and stigmas surrounding solo drinking. How does your consumption change? Who thinks it is appropriate? In what scenarios is it appropriate? For whom is it OK?A parent who wants to get out of the house, a young professional who finished a busy week, or someone going through a difficult time who is looking for a momentary escape.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: State Pride  Idea Description: When I moved to a new state, I hated it at first. But the people I met really loved it, so their enthusiasm made me like Florida more over time. I think that this could actually be an important measure in liking where you live. You could live in the most beautiful, affordable place, but if everyone else hates it, you might end up miserable.Given all that, lets find out where people have the most love and pride for their state. This could be a quick, cheap survey, basically asking how much they love or recommend their state to others. We could also ask people what they love most in a multiple choice format: weather, proximity to family, low taxes, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Texting Stressors  Idea Description: What things are you stressed the most by when you\re texting with someone? Is it texting while it 's being indicated that they\re typing? is it being left on read? How many people get their texts to a crush or a boss proof-read by someone else before sending? How many people are stressed out by the can we talk text? Or we can crowd-source different generic texts that cause stress and find out how stressful they are coming from different people, by demographic . How stressful do people find texting to be in general, (and how many of those people have a diagnosed anxiety disorder?) how does this differ by generation, or by phone type? (android vs iphone)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Power Perceptions  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore perceptions of various energy sources. Well look at the micro level (rooftop solar panels) and the macro level (nuclear power plants) and everything in between. Which technologies are people most optimistic about? How do perceptions of the dangers of nuclear compare to perceptions (and data) about its efficacy? How many people want wind farms, solar field, nuclear plants, etc.. but not in their backyard?Similar to my campaign about perceptions of student loan forgiveness, well aim to explore perceptions who support/oppose various technologies, and ask people about pros of what they oppose and cons of their own position.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Lucky Guesses During March Madness  Idea Description: For most of the year, I hate sports and do not watch basketball. But sometimes, I am enticed to fill out a NCAA tournament bracket when march comes around, just out of the thrill of maybe winning a prize! How many Americans are like me and engage with basketball just one time a year? How many are fans year-round? This project could be a more general overview about how Americans participate in March Madness, including forming contests with their coworkers and family members. How many put cash on the line? How many have won a contest? We can compare men v. women, sports fans v. non sports fans, generations, and ask people to project the winner for this year.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Olympic Records Likely to be Broken in 2021  Idea Description: Using different Olympics data sets, lets look at the last records to be set in 2018 across different sports and men vs women. What are the upheld records, and by analyzing the 2nd and 3rd place finishes nearby, which can we anticipate being most likely to be broken in 2021? We can also look at how many records have been set in each of these sports to see how common it is. This would allow us to highlight the records and sports where we may see the most contention over and stoke excitement over the upcoming Olympic games. We can also use a supplemental survey to see which Olympic games people are most excited about seeing, by sport or summer vs winter.  <|endoftext|>"
