"Idea Title: Lending to Friends and Family  Idea Description: Tom did an amazing study about asking to borrow cash from different people, but what about LENDING??How many people would be willing to lend cash to different people in their lives? Mother, father, siblings, children, colleagues, etc? How m much would they feel comfortable lending, if any, to different people? Would they sign a contract? Require interest? How many have actually done this - and do they regret it?? How many said they actually got the money paid back??We could examine this by gender, income, employment status. Are lower income people more willing to share w/ others? Are wealthier people more protective about loans to people they know?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ride Share Sentiments  Idea Description: Everyone loves the convenience of ride sharing apps like Uber and Lyft, but a couple horror stories since their creation has left some people wary. How often do people use ride share services? What are the top reasons they call an Uber/Lyft? How many feel completely safe, somewhat safe, or totally unsafe in a ride share? Do levels of feeling safe differ between men and women? For those who feel unsafe: What are the reasons why? How do they protect themselves or make themselves feel safer? How many have entirely stopped using ride sharing services and what were the reasons why?What are the most common cautionary tales people have heard?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Category Popularity and Pricing Through the Pandemic  Idea Description: **Mercato data**For this campaign, well track purchase volumes of different food categories throughout the pandemic. We can look at food types broadly (fresh, frozen, prepared) and specifically (fruits, veggies, poultry, red meat, candy, etc..) and maybe even by macros unless thats too ambitious. If their data allows it, we can also look at availability (I assume they track instances of out of stock, substitutions, etc..)Well also measure prices throughout the pandemic according to the same breakdowns. Which categories of items got more expensive during the pandemic, and does any of the timing match up to various COVID policies/reactions/spikes?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Watch Your Tone  Idea Description: Tone is everything when it comes to this era of digital communication, so let 's run a survey and ask people to look at sample text in an A/B tested survey (super easy to do) with different punctuation (uses of periods vs exclamation marks, emojis vs no emojis) and have people choose the tone the message gives off, and rate how profession the message seems, this could be particularly interesting in gender and occupational breakdowns, as (at least in my experience) women tend to communicate their tone better in digital messaging. We could also throw in things like Does this message seem sarcastic or serious? to show how some messages can be misconstrued.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Greatest Country in the World?  Idea Description: I have a dear sweet grandmother who is moved to tears at the sound of the Star Spangled Banner or a military jet flying overhead. In contrast, I do not feel nearly as patriotic or loyal to the US as my older relatives, and I know I'm a lot more critical. Is this just me - or is this a generational trend? Do younger Americans see our country as the greatest in the world? Is the country something that needs to be made great again - or should we accept that maybe our best days are in the past? How do they feel about the future of America? What about the military? Voting? How essential is being American to the identities of young people vs. old people?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Food Shaming  Idea Description: How prevalent is food shaming, and what types of eaters get it the most? For this campaign, well survey 1,000 Americans to see how prevalent it is for people to feel ashamed of their food choices by others. Some questions will include: Are you secretly judging your coworkers for going out to lunch? For bags of fast-food they bring back? Do people also secretly judge people who eat healthy? What types of dieters feel most misunderstood? How many people get laughed at or an eye roll when they ask for a healthier substitution at a restaurant? Well cover most judged diets, work habits that get the most judgement, and gender differences in food shaming.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Celebratory Travel  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore celebratory travel. How much are people spending, where are they going, how long are they going for?Well ask people about the trips theyve taken to celebrate various things (anniversary, holiday, birthday, engagement, graduation, destination weddings, etc..) and various aspects of those trips. If more than one person was involved, how did they decide? How many people had to travel for something (ex: wedding) that they didnt want to and how much did it cost them? How much are people spending on travel to celebrate each of things things, and how do those figures compare to what people consider reasonable expenditures?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Watsons Blockchain Influencers  Idea Description: For this campaign, let 's use Watson 's API to identify the top traits of the most influential people in crypto. Going off CryptoWeekly 's The 100 Most Influential People in Crypto list (https://cryptoweekly.co/100/), let 's feed 3,000-5,000 words per influencer, via social posts, past interviews, and press releases, into Watson to determine unifying traits among these great blockchain minds as well as the characteristics that set them apart. We 'll create a list presenting the top traits overall, then take an in-depth look of top traits and the influencers most representative of each. How do traits vary by the cryptocurrency each influencer promotes?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Generational Job Search  Idea Description: When baby boomers looked for a job last (also how long ago was that, and are they still in that job?) how many places did they apply to (if they can remember) and did they negotiate for their salary? What benefits did they get? Compare that to Gen X Millennials and how different was the experience? How many millennials didnt even negotiate for their salary when they were offered less than what they wanted? Did they ask for other benefits or just take what they were given? How do their starting salaries differ in the same industry by education level? Who was more aggressive when negotiating salary and benefits? How does this differ by gender?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fuel Economy Trends Over Time  Idea Description: Although we have a long way to go as a society in terms of efficiency and sustainability in driving, we have made some progress in the last few decades. This is something worth acknowledging!Lets explore EPA data about fuel economy and Co2 emissions since 1975. Which manufacturers have made the most progress? How much have CO2 emissions decreased and efficiency increased? In which decade did we make the biggest strides? Which alternative energy sources have become the most popular? What technologies have been introduced as fuel economy has improved?All of the data can be viewed by transmission type, car type, weight class, manufacturer, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
