"Idea Title: Satisfaction Levels of Overqualified Employees During COVID-19  Idea Description: Feeling overqualified for a position, but having to accept it due to external factors such as COVID-19, could make the employee feel that he is not a good fit and, therefore, experience low job satisfaction and performance and higher turnover. How overqualified employees make the best of a potentially bad situation? Lets explore how employees feel in jobs they had to accept because of the current COVID-19 juncture. How much are they putting into these positions? Lets examine the levels of satisfaction, productivity, engagement, anxiety, depression, etc. Do they feel they are wasting their talent, or do they feel grateful to have a job? Lets find out  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Rise of the Crypto-Meme  Idea Description: Thanks to trolls on the internet, the incredible innovation of blockchain and cryptocurrency has had its prestige diluted by irreverent shenanigans. Doge coins, Jesus coins, Coinye, & many more meme-based ICOs and markets have sprung up in the wake of the crypto craze. How does the general public feel about these coins? How many would invest in each one? How much? Do wannabe investors have any idea about the background / integrity of the company behind them? How many believe Doge coin will blow up like ethereum? When?https://money.cnn.com/video/technology/2018/02/02/forget-bitcoin-these-are-the-craziest-cryptocurrencies-original.cnnmoney/index.html  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Millennials Killing Business  Idea Description: It seems like every other day Millennials are being blamed for killing a different business. In this campaign, we would survey Gen Xers and Baby Boomers to see if they agree. We would generate a list of businesses listed in the press that Millennials have supposedly hurt the sales of...Napkins, golf, diamonds, department stores, and see what the consensus is among those generations. We can include Millennials in the survey as well to find out the reasons they do or do not use those products anymore. The project would either prove the concept that Millennials are killing these businesses or it could dispel the drum publishers love to beat on this topic.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gated Communities  Idea Description: Inspired by this article: https://www.citylab.com/life/2018/07/will-millennials-kill-the-country-club/563186/Country club memberships are dying because of high dues. Plus they are failing to attract a younger demo. Back in Baltimore, two competitors in the same area are merging because theyll go out of business if they try to last on their own. Maybe theres a bigger picture on affordable housing that we can look into. Id look at running a survey to compare millennial and gen z perspectives on what theyd rather invest in, plus we could look at what was included in membership fees 10+ years ago vs. whats barely a part of the deal these days.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: True Life: I Have Erectile Dysfunction  Idea Description: Let plunge into real life experiences of people with erectile dysfunction to see what it like for them on the daily in terms of their physical, mental and emotional health. We can look at things like what treatments men are taking, if theyre effective, when they were diagnosed and how it affected their view of themselves, how embarrassed/not embarrassed they are to talk about it with others, if they feel shame and how they cope with it, how long it takes them to share the fact that they have the condition with a partner, how it affects their romantic relationships, tactics they use to give themselves a boost' the possibilities are endless!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The State of Smart Homes  Idea Description: Matt recently completed his smart home project for ADT and its killer. Since we are looking to execute something easy and quickly for this client, lets keep going with smart homes! Using the same exact survey, lets collect more respondents to have enough to conduct a variety of state breakdowns. See project here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wzSxxYYB_uBcKz8wqsAO6fNjKjZcHkqxNCiGgy4x6mk/editWe can even increase the scope of the project, and wait to promote this one with overall and state findings. THis would be a great way to help this account finish relatively on time, rather than starting two new projects from scratch- we could just do 1.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Driving in the left lane  Idea Description: For most states, driving slow in the left lane is illegal. Many of these states follow the standard that a car driving under the speed limit should remain in the right lane. So, when is it OK to drive in the left lane? Can you get a ticket for staying in the left lane? What does left lane for passing only mean? Can you go over the speed limit to pass a car? In what states is it illegal to drive in the left lane?For this campaign lets survey 2 different groups of people (the ones that get annoyed at people who drive slow in the left lane and the ones who do it without having a clue) to know how well they know when is it OK to drive on the left lane.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Curable Disease Moralities  Idea Description: What curable diseases are people dying from around the world? Lets use data from the world health organization to see which diseases have the most moralities, rising trends, and which have the most years of healthy years lost to each disease? We can compare the numbers in the US to the stats around the world. To tie it back to the client, we will showcase common medications that exist that can treat each disease. This will have global promotional reach and will likely shine a light on where developing and first world countries are succeeding and failing. Assets should include rankings of outlier countries that are above and below the global average.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Knowledge Going In  Idea Description: Everyone has an image of their ideal house in their head: number of bedrooms, style, pool, color, etc. but what % of Millennials are actively working towards their goal/dream house? Do they have any idea how much theyll need for closing costs? Insurance? Taxes? Do they have any idea what current rates are? Lets expand to other big purchases as well: cars, trips, etc. How many different lenders do people compare? What about insurance price shopping? Its a pain in the ass to do, but could save thousands of dollars - what % of people put in the effort to make sure they are the most informed about all of the costs associated before making a big purchase?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The worlds favorite American Fast Food Chain  Idea Description: From my understanding and what i 've seen on TV, KFC is hugely popular in Korea and China. I 've also read enough mcdonalds menu items around the world articles that I want a masala mac. Let 's use international yelp data to find the fast food restaurants every country likes the most. We could find, across all countries, yelp reviews for the top 10 or 20 American fast food restaurants, and see average ratings in every country. If that doesn 't work,we could always accomplish it with IG scrapes for #mcdonalds etc. The IG scrape idea would let us see what menu items are the most loved around the world as well. Who 's posting about #bigmac s the most?  <|endoftext|>"
