"Idea Title: American Fast Food Abroad  Idea Description: From my understanding and what i 've seen on TV, KFC is hugely popular in Korea and China. I 've also read enough mcdonalds menu items around the world articles that I want a masala mac. Let 's use international yelp data to find the fast food restaurants every country likes the most. We could find, across all countries, yelp reviews for the top 10 or 20 American fast food restaurants, and see average ratings in every country. If that doesn 't work,we could always accomplish it with IG scrapes for #mcdonalds etc. The IG scrape idea would let us see what menu items are the most loved around the world as well. Who 's posting about #bigmac s the most?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: The Worth of a Library  Idea Description: (This whole idea is me on my soapbox preaching about libraries. Im not sorry lmao) When was the last time an average american went to their public library? Or even any library at all? Are they aware of all the free or discounted access they have to things like magazines (anything from Forbes to Consumer Reports and beyond) to even 3D printers or specialized tools? How many people believe we should or should not have libraries? (some people are legitimately against them) Should more or less taxpayer money go towards funding our libraries? What else do people want libraries to offer? How much are these institutions worth to people?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Sleep, Vape, Repeat  Idea Description: Successful vaping involves 3 basic ingredients - liquid, electricity, permission. Trying to fall asleep can interrupt that delicate arrangement.Lets conduct a survey to find out about the dynamic between sleep and vaping. Namely - how long before falling asleep do they stop vaping? Does wanting to vape keep them awake? How do they charge their vape while preparing to sleep? Do they need to keep it nearby while its charging, so they can access it quickly? Does their partner allow them to vape in bed, or do they have to get up and leave the room whenever they want to vape? Do they wake up early or go to bed late to go get the juice/pods they need?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Road Rage Moments  Idea Description: Past campaign: https://www.autoinsurancecenter.com/roadrage-instagram-posts.htmFor this campaign, we can try to reboot this previous campaign that used the #roadrage hashtag on Instagram to measure which states, time of day, and types of driving cause/have the most road rage. We can somewhat reboot this using the Instagram scraper, but also include a survey component similar to the study below. What causes the most road rage? On average, how many times do you honk your car per month? Where do you feel the most anxious to drive due to potential road rage?Recently covered topics: https://www.thezebra.com/resources/research/road-rage-statistics/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Finders Keepers  Idea Description: If you found a giant bundle of marijuana washed up on the shore, would you smoke it? What would you do upon finding psilocybin mushrooms in the forest? For this campaign, lets survey 1,000 frequent drug users to see how they would react in these scenarios. What percentage of people would attempt to resell a baggie of drugs they find? Which drugs have people actually come across on the streets? What type of drugs are people willing to try from a stranger, or a random drug dealer? Who actually tests their drugs? Additionally, we can provide a free response section to hear about some of the wildest stories involving finding drugs in various situations.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Taking Control of Your Finances  Idea Description: What steps are most critical to taking control of ones finances? What would you need to do to find yourself in a comfortable position? It usually starts with the small steps of becoming familiar with your cash flow and budgeting before moving on to bigger steps like paying off debt and perhaps taking out a Discover personal loan (wink wink).For this idea, well conduct a broad survey of people who feel they are both in control and not in control of their finances. What steps do they feel they need to take? Which are most important? Where is the most common order of steps and whats holding them back from getting started if they havent already?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Negotiation Tactics  Idea Description: While buying a car can be an exciting process, many dread the negotiation stage-- especially if theyre new to the process. For this project, lets survey 1,000 people about various negotiation tactics people have used while purchasing a vehicle. Has walking away from a deal resulted in a lower interest rate? Whats the optimal down payment for various car price points? Which demographics are most successful with car negotiating? What does the average person save by negotiating interest rates/price points? What are the most successful tactics (research, asking for discounts, pointing out faults, shopping competitors, etc) and which should you avoid?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Performance Metrics/Evaluations During COVID-19  Idea Description: How has the shift to remote work affected how companies are tracking/managing their employees output, time, and productivity?What percentage of companies are tracking their employees time online, or making sure that their monitors arent going to sleep? What percentage of employees are now being tracked by their productivity more than by their time at the desk?How it it affecting management styles (are micromanagers laying off or finding new ways to annoy their people?) and the roles of managers/supervisors overall? How many people feel that their manager isnt checking in on them enough vs how many are being bugged too often by their boss?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Precautions People Take With Cleaning Service During Pandemic  Idea Description: Are house cleaning services worth it during the pandemic? Is it safe to have your house cleaned by outside services?For those who are not looking to do this type of work at home or who are tired of doing it, lets do a survey and learn from their experiences, collecting different tips that people, who are thinking on doing it, can use to feel more comfortable when someone comes into their homes to give them a service (home cleaning, plumber, electrician, cable guy, etc.)Businesses are opening little by little, so this could help people who used to ask for these services feel more comfortable asking for them again, taking the proper precautions.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Souvenir Philosophies  Idea Description: (This might be a bit too tangential for the client, but what the heck, throwing it in here)In talking to fellow travelers, I have come across a lot of different philosophies about souvenirs and shopping while on vacation. For this campaign, lets survey people about their habits around shopping during trips. Do they have a specific item they pick up on every trip, like magnets or coffee mugs? What are the best/worst things theyve ever bought while on vacation? What country/location is their favorite souvenir from? How much money do people usually spend on souvenirs in a trip? Does this vary based on whether the trip is domestic or international?  <|endoftext|>"
