"Idea Title: Different Perspectives? Small vs Big Business Employees  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore the perspectives and experiences of small business employees compared to employees of large businesses. Well ask them about their experiences working for their type of business specifically, and well compare them in various ways.Which group feels more secure in their job? Which feels that their employer is more stable/secure? Which group is more likely to approve of how management/ownership is handling the situation, adn which group is more likely to feel informed during these times? How many people have had new responsibilities added? How does job satisfaction and sentiment vary between employees in each group?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Work Hours & Time Off Policy- Is the 9-5 worse?  Idea Description: This would be an analysis looking at the various types of work schedules people have, from the work hours, how many they work each work, and time off policies that various companies have. Do companies that have certain time off policies and work hours retain more employees? Do we see any significant differences between demographics? Id be interested to see how satisfied, happy, and productive people are at work looking at these things. These things impact home life as well, so Id also like to explore how work hours and time off policies impact relationships, family life.. Im sure there are some significant WFH findings that will be appealing.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pets and Travel  Idea Description: Having pets and traveling is a pain. Either youre hiring a sitter, boarding them, relying on friends/family, or taking them with you. For this campaign, we would study the different ways people care for their pets (and what type of pet they own) while they travel. How many people take their 80-lb. dog with them everywhere they go? How many people take a 15-lb. dog with them everywhere they go? Are there circumstances where people cancel trips or reject opportunities to travel because of the added expense or headache of caring for their animals? For an international angle, we could survey Americans and Europeans to see if there are any differences.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Superheroes and Drug use  Idea Description: Marvel 's comic heroes have known to be political, and Marvel 's movies have been making headlines (e.g., Black Panther recently, Captain Marvel in 2019 as first female led MCU movie). Superheroes usually battle a lot of personal problems, and a lot of characters have mental health or drug issues. Some of them got their superpowers through medical experiments etc. Combat enhancers Nightshade Drug Trials: Let 's analyze how drugs and drug use are displayed in superhero movies. We 'll find out what drugs play a role for the main characters, and more importantly what makes a superhero (who seems to be powerful and successful) turn to drugs.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bankrupty and Retirement  Idea Description: The premise here is to find out what the best and worst money management habits are for seniors by comparing those who are bankrupt or on the road to be bankrupt and those who are financially healthy. How do seniors manage their money leading up to retirement and during retirement? we can segment by those who are on track to have ample funds in retirement and ask what their money management habits are and do the same for people who are dealing with bankruptcy. how much of their income is Social Security benefits and how much is saved money from 401K, investments and/or savings accounts? when did they start saving/ what was their budgeting process.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are you smarter than Tom Brady?  Idea Description: The NFL Combine doesnt just test the physical attributes of hopeful college amateurs, but also tests their mental with the Wonderlic. Lets run a survey to find average Wonderlic scores of common people and compare it to NFL players. We can break this down by gender, generation, and fan bases. What % of Dolphins fans are smarter than Tom Brady? Which fan base is the champion of their division/conference, by score? How many people scored worse than GOAT Dan Marino? Do women or men, on average, score as high as Ryan Fitzpatrick (he went to Harvard!)? Wonderlic score database for NFL Pros: https://footballiqscore.com/wonderlic-score-database  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Location sharing habits  Idea Description: I share my location with a good group of friends who live locally, they pretty much always can see me and always reach out when my location disappears.So how many people do this and how many people have their location?Do they remember to stop sharing locations with people?who do they share it with? friends? family? SOs?Have they ever had to check on their friends?Have they ever had to have someone check them? What was the result?Who do people feel most comfortable sharing their location with? friends family or SOs?This would NOT focus on using location to find lost iphones, it would be focused on a concern for personal safety.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Streamed Games on YouTube  Idea Description: YouTube has over 80 million subscribers on their Gaming channel, with a specific section dedicated to live streaming. Using YouTube API let 's look at the most streamed video games right now to see which games have the most subscribers tuning in to watch. We can dive deeper and look at which streamers are getting more love (this data may be presented as Channel but represents the different streamer names). By this measure we 'll be able to see most streamed games, most popular streams, as well as the most popular streamers. Other data that may be possible to get:Time stamp (hour of the day) for potential night vs day streaming games.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Analyzing Tickets  Idea Description: Let 's survey 1,000 drivers to find out the average number of tickets people receive in their lifetime.Potential Assets:1. How many tickets have you received in your life?2. (Checklist) How many of these driving infractions have you been ticketed for (speeding, running a red light, etc.)?3. What was the cost of your highest ticket?4. ^ lowest ticket?5. Have you ever gotten out of a ticket? 6. ^^ If yes, how did you get out of one?7. Did you receive more tickets in a specific car brand than another one (Do BMW drivers get targeted more, etc.)?^^ pull demographics: race, gender, location, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Trouble in National Parks  Idea Description: For many, summer means vacations and time spent in the great outdoors with family and friends. Fortunately, in the US we can spend some of this time in beautiful national parks. But are we truly safe among the scenic mountains and trees? Using the National Park Services daily Morning Reports, we can analyze a history of the types of incidents that took place in the parks between the early 2000s and 2015, when the morning report was cancelled. These reports cover many types of crimes - especially criminals being found in the parks. This wouldnt show us the number of crimes, but it would show us the nature of notable events in the national parks.  <|endoftext|>"
