"Idea Title: Sleep Disorder Destinations  Idea Description: Nowadays, sleep disorders are more common than one may think. Whether insomnia, sleep apnea, or narcolepsy, each come with its own set of daily challenges and obstacles. The real question is, how much harder is it to maintain a sleep disorder while on the road? Does chronic sleepiness prevent people from taking the trip of their dreams? What precautions are they taking while traveling? What are the craziest things people do? To find out if sleep disorders are impacting more than just our nightly slumber, lets survey people with different disorders to see their perceptions and habits when traveling -- are their sleep challenges holding them back?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employee Surveillance at Work  Idea Description: Its common practice for employers to restrict certain sites at the office, or to monitor communication channels like Slack. But, with more people working remotely, are remote workers being surveyed differently than office workers? Do they have to give administrator access on their laptops to their employer? When they are using their personal wifi, are certain sites still blocked? Is their web history fair game? Or do their employers trust them without taking any of these steps? What is the difference in terms of sentiments towards your employer and your satisfaction with your job for those under these measures vs. employees who are more trusted?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whos my ISP? [Quiz]  Idea Description: Ive got a couple of roommates and I wouldnt be able to tell you who our internet provider was if not for the fact that one of them sends me a specific venmo request every month. How knowledgable are people about their internet service provider?Is there a correlation between living situations and ISP knowledge? In other words, are people living on their own or with roommates more or less likely to know who their ISP is?Do people know how much theyre paying for internet access? ARE they paying for it, or are their parents?do they pay for internet and cable separately?are millennials paying more or less than gen xers for internet?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: In the Line of Duty - A Look at Police Officer Assaults Over the Years  Idea Description: For this idea we would tap into https://ucr.fbi.gov/leoka/2017/tables/topic-guide.xls which has the number of police officers assaulted, killed, and a number of other stats on these situations over the last decade. Lets take a deep look at these situations, and even try to find out how likely it is for a police officer to be assaulted, or killed (based on total number of law enforcement stats). We could segment results by state, for a regional look, and include a wide range of stats ripe for promo. See this page with a list of tables we could pull from for this in-depth campaign https://ucr.fbi.gov/leoka/2017/resource-pages/tables-by-title-2017  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Profound Technological Development  Idea Description: Sometimes I think about all the technological developments that my grandfather has been alive for. He was born in 1928, so hes been alive for everything from GMOs to iPhones, the internet to the electric car, the microwave oven to the heart pump. Im curious, what area of life do they believe has seen the greatest leap in terms of technological development? Do they think health-related technology has made the greatest leap? Entertainment? Agriculture? And what specific product do they think made the largest impact on society? Is it one of the above? And which nascent technology do they believe is going to make the largest impact in the future?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Holiday Travel 2020  Idea Description: Does your family expect you to visit this holiday season? Will they be upset if you don 't? Are they insisting you fly or drive? In this campaign, we 'll explore perceptions and expectations with 2020 holiday travel and the ways in which varying opinions of safety may conflict with other family members.Which family members do you expect to see this holiday season? How do you expect to travel? What types of precautions will family members require? Will families lodge together or will they be required to stay in a hotel? Would you ban a certain family member if they refused certain safety measures or did not participate in social distancing?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: AI Writes a Childrens Book  Idea Description: Since the advent of more sophisticated AI technology, people have wondered if speech writers, content writers, etc would become obsolete. But what about book authors? In this project, well train AI models to write short stories and lullabies for a child audience, to see what leads to the most realistic reads.From here, we can have our team of designers illustrate custom titles for each story and use flipbook functionality to allow readers to effectively study each page.Finally, we could do a simple survey of parents after the book was written on (1) Could you tell this was written by an AI? (2) Would you read this book to your kids?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: 3 Blind Mice (Dont See Nada)  Idea Description: When youre all out at the club and one of he homies is about to cheat on his girl....are you gunna snitch? For this project lets see who is more prone to plead the 5th, men or women? From the friends perspective, how does the length/level of friendship play a role into keeping the secret? Are women more likely to keep the secret than men? Is there a time period where men or women are more likely to cheat/keep a friends secret of their cheating tendencies? (I can imagine that cheating will be more prevalent in the young 20s and die down in the 30s -40s but then spike when people reach their 50s or so. Is this true? Lets find out  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Rise of Coastal Communities  Idea Description: Coastline cities are home to about 94 million people in 2016, or about 29 percent of the total U.S. population. They are attractive to many homeowners who want to be close to water while profiting from the property value. However, as our population increases the cost of living within these coastline cities will increase exponentially. Which coastline city has had the greatest increase in cost over time? How many people live within the impact of a hurricane or natural disasters? Which coastline cities has the cheapest cost of living? Which coastline cities have the youngest and oldest demographic? Are coastlines generally more diverse and older?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Romantic Role Models  Idea Description: Our environment seemingly plays a large role on our personalities, habits, beliefs, etc., but what about when it comes to romance? How many people don 't believe in soulmates/ monogamy because of their parents? What 's the longest relationship people have been in and how does that fluctuate over their own parents\ relationship status? What about the way people perceive the word love and how does it relate back to the way their parents said/didn 't say it to each other? Which parent is considered to be the better role model and why? In the case of conflict resolution, who 's most likely to go to sleep angry, sit and talk it out, yell, etc?  <|endoftext|>"
