"Idea Title: Being Friends With People in Recovery  Idea Description: Many people I meet here in FL are here because they have been to rehab. My roommate has been to at least 4 funerals this year for old friends who overdosed, has got up a couple of nights during a work week to help out friends who relapsed, have been kicked out of halfway,... Lets survey people who are friends with addicts to see how that impacts their lives both positively and negatively. Besides some negative aspects, it made me familiar with a strong community of support, gave me a chance to see what AA/NA meetings are really like (surprise, no one sits in a circle of chairs like on TV), and made me rethink some aspects of my own life.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Trustworthy Face  Idea Description: Studies have indicated that people are more likely to trust someone who smiles, but others have said you can actually read someone by the expression in their eyes or by the way their nose flares. Which facial feature do people find to be MOST important'Aimouth, eyes, nose, eyebrows? Of those features, are there certain shapes that are more approachable, trustworthy, etc.? For instance, button nose vs turned up nose; almond eyes vs round eyes; full lips vs thin lips; high cheekbones vs lower; straight mouth vs down/up-turned; sparse brows vs highly arched. Overall, what does the most trustworthy face actually look like based on these responses?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Well Does X American Sleep at Night  Idea Description: We have done campaigns on sleeping and guilt, but I want to take this concept and expand it across various subjects: political party, financial stability, income, work life, sexuality. Well dive deeper and ask people about the specifics of what keeps them up most. In 2018, what are Americans most troubled over? How have they resolved to get over it or improve their lives? (Limit news, limit political talk, get a side job, work harder at work, etc...). Well keep it fresh and relevant to the past year by asking people what their most upsetting, sleep-losing event was across the events of 2018 (well survey or research to find most monumental).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Money Misconceptions  Idea Description: For this project, we would use a survey to explore the most common misconceptions that people have regarding money and finance.I would like to clarify here at the top that this is not another financial literacy campaign idea (although I still would like to see that produced).What do people commonly believe that isn 't true? What common practices do people engage in that probably aren 't the best ideas? How many people are doing something that they think is a good idea that actually may not be?We would be able to leverage the client 's authority to create a strong perception vs reality campaign that busts myths and informs readers  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tidying Up Your Workspace  Idea Description: Although I like to start the work day with a spotless desk, the busier and more stressed I get, the more shit I let pile onto the desk. By the time 6pm rolls around, I have crumbs, 3-4 cups, crazy notes scribbled everywhere, etc. It might look like a trainwreck, but its a sign I probably got a ton done. The style of desk cleanliness definitely differs from person to person, but are there are certain industries that are more or less prone to having spotless desks? How does desk cleanliness or dirtyness impact the level of focus and productivity have? Is there any difference between those who work in open shared spaces v. cubicles and offices?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Friend of the Bartender  Idea Description: When you\re a regular at a bar, it 's easy to develop a relationship with the person pouring your drinks.In this survey, we 'll take an inverse approach to bartender confessions, instead asking the patrons about their relationship with their bartender. At how many bars are you considered a regular? How frequently do you see your favorite bartender a month? What are the biggest perks or benefits of being friends with the bartender? How common are male/female friendships between bartenders and has it ever developed into more?To put this into perspective, we can examine how these friendships compare to people 's other relationships.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Where Do Millennials Get Financial Advice?  Idea Description: What is millennials preferred way to get financial advice? With more options available than ever before, people are expected to weed through the information to follow the best financial advice possible. But which of these options to they utilize the most or find the most trustworthy? We could survey to see who prefers podcasts, social media, online articles, books, or their parents/other older adults. We could also poll to see how many millennials have actually sought out financial advice vs those who havent. We could also compare the answers to whether their parents are financially stable, and if that affects where they get advice (if any).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Viral Body Image Trends and Self Esteem  Idea Description: Support for body positivity has increased through the years but how are people who follow that, and other hashtags perceiving themselves? Lets see how followers of #bodypositivity #fitspiration and #thinspiration are impacted in terms of their self esteem and body image.Im thinking we look at perception/attitudes [think like social medias impact on body image by fitrated] by social followers. How do the people that follow these bopo influencers and hashtags feel about their self esteem, body satisfaction....how does their emotional well-being compare to more body negative accounts like #thinspo or healthy accounts like #fitnessgoals.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Big City Dreams  Idea Description: Growing up in Miami, I always noticed how stratified wealth was within the city 's population. There will be a Ritz Carlton by the water and then two streets down is somewhere you don 't go at night. Big cities like Miami are always perceived as places of opportunity and bustling lifestyles. Let 's survey those living in the most populous cities in the US to determine whether the grass is truly greener. How long have they lived there? Has their satisfaction changed positively or negatively over the years? Were they able to find work easily? Is the dating scene hopeless or fruitful? Have any of these factors been bad enough to make them move  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Homeowner Best Practices  Idea Description: There are plenty of online articles that talk about best practices for homeowners to save money, but it doesnt look like they get coverage from high tier publishers. If we could provide empirical data to these tips, it could get great coverage. Here is an example of some tips: https://www.thesimpledollar.com/18-things-a-new-homeowner-should-do-immediately-to-save-money/How many homeowners have their water heater too hot? How many have ceiling fans in each room to help the flow of air? This would be a good way to show who exactly is taking measures to save money in their home and could have the exposure to make these tips more well known  <|endoftext|>"
