"Idea Title: Confessions of a Lawyer  Idea Description: Similar to our other confessions of campaigns, lets do an in-depth survey of lawyers. How many regret going to law school? How unhappy are they? How many know someone with a substance problem? How many have overbilled? How many have been told by a partner (or someone senior to them) to overbill? Whats their hourly rate? How hard was finding a job out of school, and would they recommend law school to a family member? Who plans on quitting some day? And what types of law make for the happiest lawyers? How often do lawyers have to fight for something or someone they dont believe in? How willing are you to go against yoru morals for a client?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Using IoT to track epidemics  Idea Description: How can IoT be utilized to better streamline epidemic tracking and response? When there is a disease outbreak doctors and scientists throughout the world work together in their own human network to determine the course of action and to track where the infection may strike next. How could IoT streamline this tracking process? Potentially get ahead of the next outbreak by suggesting what countries or areas prepare for an outbreak to reduce infection rates. Lets look at the current tech available for outbreaks/epidemics and how IoT if used could change how many deaths occur (obviously not an exact science....but this is how far I got with this)  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Which Car Would You Want to Survive the Apocalypse?  Idea Description: In all of your favorite apocalyptic movies there are always scenes (or several) of the mass escape from whatever is causing apocalypse. This often involves cars, but there are also scenes of huge traffic jams and crazy lines for gas that make your car strategy even more important. Using a survey, let 's see what car people would want in an apocalyptic situation: an energy efficient and small vehicle to maneuver around? Or a huge truck that feels more safe and durable? The new Tesla truck that claims to be indestructible? A hummer, or any type of SUV? We 'll find out and compare across different apocalyptic scenarios from major movies.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Midnight Grocery Shoppers Study  Idea Description: In this project, lets request Mercatos internal data to examine online grocery purchasing habits by time of day. Using this data, well be able to determine which purchase categories reign supreme at various times throughout the day. In one section of this study, well focus on purchases made late at night. Which categories spike at night? Which states are making the most late-night purchases? Whats more, we can color these novel data with a survey of late-night grocery shoppers. What are the reasons for shopping so late? Are they spending less money but selecting unhealthier food options compared to morning shoppers? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Holiday Drinking Habits  Idea Description: Whether its Thanksgiving, Christmas, Hannukkah, Thanksgiving or Valentines day, people love to drink during these holidays and each one definitely varies in things like type of alcohol preferred, how much you drink, who you drink with, what stage of drunk youre willing to get, how much alcohol is too much/too little in terms of enjoyment, etc. Lets survey 1,000 people about their drinking habits and attitudes during the holidays that are coming up. Wed explore this in terms of dynamics of who you spend the holiday with, what you think the expectations are for drinking on that holiday, any bad drinking experiences during holidays, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ranking Finance Influencers  Idea Description: Similar to the previous successful Ranking Blockchain Influencers campaign, let 's follow an identical methodology which consists of a social media analysis + survey execution. Who are the most popular financial pundits? Do conservatives and liberals (who typically have opposing economic viewpoints) follow different financial experts on social? How are followings different between men and women? Additionally, lets segment these financial influencers by their expertise. Which accounts should people follow for investing tips? What about for people with a tight budget? Who 's the most loved/hated finance personality online? Let 's find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Words We Use  Idea Description: We would do this campaign the way it was supposed to be done: https://app.asana.com/0/636102232018613/636102232018613Essentially, we would gauge perceptions of people based on how they communicate verbally (word choice, reserved vs outspoken, sentence complexity, slang and regional dialects, etc...) with angles that focus on interpersonal relationships, career, and other important/common aspects of life.Are there certain words that make people seem more or less intelligent? Does one regional accent make people appear more intelligent/friendly/unique/cool than another?How much of an impact does accent/vocab have on attractiveness?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: drawing luxury car logos  Idea Description: Lets ask people to draw some iconic luxury car logos. and then find out if people want the brand or not... how many people say they want a mercedes but cant draw the logo?How many people say they OWN a mercedes but cant draw the logowe can run a preliminary survey asking people what the most recognizeable luxury car brands are ( or show them logos and have them name) then we use that to decide which logos to ask people to draw.We can get some cool information like if they have ever been in x type of car, or driven one, has their family or they ever owned one etc to get some interesting demo breakdowns on their accuracy and memory  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Which college produces the best NFL players?  Idea Description: A college football programs pipeline to the NFL is a selling point to recruits, a point of pride among fans, and a constant debate about who does it best.Using the pro football reference database, If we looked at Pro Bowl rosters over the last 20 years - which schools stand out? Does one school produce Pro Bowlers at a certain position (Quarterback U?)Alternatively, which NFL teams consistently send the most players to the Pro Bowl over that same time frame? Does one team tend to send more running backs to the pro bowl than others?The production timing could line up well with the current season so this is promotionally viable.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When Youve Had Too Much  Idea Description: How many drinks is too much? For marijuana smokers, how much? For hard-drug users, how many pills or MDMA rolls is your limit for a month, a year? For this campaign, we 'll survey 1,000 people to understand what their perceived limits are. In the process we 'll collect data on those with an insane limit for drugs and alcohol. We 'll also look at the average of what it means to be too many drinks for men and women, and we 'll measure this in quantity of drinks as well as behaviors: what behaviors tip you off that you 've had too much? Besides losing your social filter, we can also look at increased libido, beer goggles and other things.  <|endoftext|>"
