"Idea Title: Robocalls and Phone Scams  Idea Description: As far as crime and security goes, receiving a robocall is probably low on your list of concerns, but that doesnt mean it cant be a serious annoyance.According to Yahoo Finance, about 50% of all calls will soon be robocalls and over 30 billion calls were made just last year. While most consist of spam, some can have malicious intentions often attempting to steal your identity, personal information, or install malicious software on your device.For this idea, lets conduct a survey to see how people deal with robocalls? What actions do you take? Do you even answer calls from unknown numbers anymore? And have you ever been scammed?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Money Mindset  Idea Description: A lot of people have made the argument that half the battle with managing your finances is your mindset around money. For this campaign, lets assess people based on their financial mindset using this validated scale: https://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/documents/bcfp_fin-well-being_full-scorecard.pdf We can then ask them about their money management habits, any mistakes they feel theyve made, etc. and see where people stand based on their mindset. We could also ask them specifics about their finances to see if Discover would be able to approve them for a personal loan (which, in theory, could potentially help them with their finances).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Controversial Parenting  Idea Description: Little Johnny is throwing a tantrum in Trader Joes, what do you do? Are you going to let him do his thing are are you going to discipline him on the spot? For this particular campaign let 's ask parents how they discipline their children vs how they were disciplined as a child. We can tackle the hot topic of the proper ways to discipline children. Is taking away your child 's electronics crossing the line? How many parents believe it 's okay to spank their children? There most definitely is going to be a generational difference when it comes to disciplining their children. But we can see how things truly changed with time.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Money is a Motivation  Idea Description: The cost of gym membership can be costly... but is that what keeps people accountable? What about groceries? The more you spend on healthy food you have to prepare, the less likely you are to eat out?Lets survey people about the costs of their fitness and health and ask them how it motivates them to keep up? How much do they pay and how often do they go to the gym? Are they penalized for missing a class? If so how much does that cost and how often do they do it?For groceries, how much does it cost to eat healthy each week? How does this cost translate to motivation and health? How often do they eat out vs grocery shop/cook fresh?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Ideal Job  Idea Description: What are the requirements for the ideal gig job? So often, people will lament: I wish I could just do X, Y or Z for a living. Typically, a hobby or leisure activity comes to mind. Let 's survey people about what their ideal job would look like: using your hands to assemble things? using your existing skills without oversight (freelancing)? caring for children or pets? turning a hobby into a profession (carpentry, computers, cooking)? What other outlandish or realistic things would people say that they wish they could do for a living? If Airtasker 's internal data allows, we could even find the average/median cost for doing those tasks.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Push Notify Me  Idea Description: How many push notifications do you get hourly, daily? Push notifications can be useful if youre watching a flight or looking for a post for a specific person youre following, but not all of us are economical about our push notifications, and companies dont want us to be. Lets use a survey to determine how many push notifications an average person uses, what percentage of those are for immediate or pending events or sales, and how many feel fairly irrelevant? Lets look at the power of push notifications, how many actions the average person takes on their notification. Lets look at what services typically get a push notification on.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Stalked  Idea Description: Looks like weve executed a campaign on the subject of stalking for Safehome and Superdrug, both from the perspective of the stalker. For this idea, lets examine experiences from the perspective of the victim.How many people have been the victim of a stalker and how does stalker behavior most commonly begin? Does stalking primarily begin as a result of a past romantic relationship? Was the activity primarily digital or in-person? For how long were you harassed and did you take legal action?Differentiate from:https://onlinedoctor.superdrug.com/is-it-stalking/index.htmlhttps://www.safehome.org/resources/you-might-be-a-stalker/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Good Ole Boys Club: NFL Coach Network  Idea Description: In many professional sports, becoming a coach gets you access to one of sports most exclusive clubs. Not only are you one of the few, but youre pretty much guaranteed a job forever.No matter how bad they are, NFL coaches always seem to get another job. Some find success in new roles - Wade Phillips (LA Rams) - while others flounder - John Gruden (Oakland Raiders). Along the way, these coaches work with dozens of others, creating a massive interconnected network.Lets visualize the NFL coaches network - who has worked with who in the past? If possible, similar in style to this piece: http://content.fanatics.com/six-degrees-nba/.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cryosleep Conversations  Idea Description: Cryosleep, a process in which an astronaut is put into a state of suspended animation using a drug or a chamber or something very cold, is a common sci fi trope. It 's one of the main plot points in 2001: A Space Odyssey. It 's how the wormhole-traversing astronauts manage to not age in Interstellar.Let 's conduct a survey to gauge whether, and for which reasons, people would be willing to suspend themselves for extended periods of time. How many people would do it just to see the future? How many would do it if they had a serious illness? How many would do it to travel long distances? How long would they be willing to do it for?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Seat Belt Use in America  Idea Description: Super simple FARS campaign looking at seat belt use in deadly accidents. Recently we learned that nearly 50% of all speeding-related car crashes involved NO seat belt use, which is just insane. Are people using their seat belts less on rural roads, urban roads? Are teens not using seat belts more than adults or elderly? Where is seat belt usage or lack there of most deadly in the United States? This project will analyze seat belt use over the years as well as regionally to see how seat belts and crash deadliness have changed over the years, and can allow for some localized conversation about seat belt usage by state and safety concerns.  <|endoftext|>"
