"Idea Title: Your reaction time vs. X pro gamer  Idea Description: Pretty sure this idea has been suggested, but dont think we have ever done it. Reaction time is incredibly important for pro gamers. Whether it is actions per second, or how fast they can identify and shoot a target, milliseconds matter. This would be an interactive where we have people click a button to gauge their reaction time. We then show a visualization of their time, vs the estimated reaction times of pro gamers (https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/comments/5i0410/pros_reaction_time/). Very straightforward to make a reaction time interactive, will need some dev help. https://tl.net/forum/starcraft-2/205950-reaction-time-test  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Joint Accounts  Idea Description: How many people are skeptical when it comes to sharing an account with a significant other/spouse? If they have significant debt, do you think you are responsible for helping them pay it off? Dating, Engaged, Married - are you required to consult with your partner before making large purchases? Do people who have a lot of debt feel more strongly about having a joint account than a partner who is financial successful and their SO has a lot of debt? We will survey 1,000 people, many who are in relationships/married, to find out how Americans feel about this and if theyre comfortable having all of their money available in a joint account.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Modern Day Playdate  Idea Description: Childrens freedom to play and explore has become limited the more we progress over the years. How much freedom are parents giving their children to explore? How many are friendly with their neighbors and their kids? How often are parent scheduling play dates and how does the relationship they have with their play dates parents affect their decision making? Does becoming friendly with the childs friends parents the real key to a long term childhood friendship? How many parents would allow their child to have a play date with the opposite sex? How many parents utilize calendar & time management apps to schedule their childs day-to-day?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Small-Business Loyalty  Idea Description: I feel that with the rise of the internet and e-commerce, people have more opportunities than ever to support small businesses. I also think it 's becoming increasingly cool to support smaller brands or businesses that aren 't widely known. For this campaign, we\d survey people about their buying habits specifically when it comes to small businesses. Do they shop at them frequently? How frequently? How loyal are they to them? Do they find that they pay more at them? If they do pay more, do they consider it worth it/being a good samaritan? How do they find the product quality and customer service to be in comparison to bigger brands?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confessions of a DJ/MC  Idea Description: When going to the club or party, you realize that EVERYTHING is riding on the Dj. He or she has the ability to make the best/worst night of your life. For this campaign lets survey a number of DJ 's to better understand what goes through their mind/behind the scene. How long does it take DJ to come up with a playlist (by each genre of music), how many people per night request a song, how many people have actually been booed, etc. What is the most annoying things that DJ have experienced while performing at a wedding, bar mitzvah, typical night club, etc. How many DJ 's have hooked up with someone in the crowd? Let 's find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Goals by Generation  Idea Description: Survey-based execution asking 1,000 people about their long and short-term financial goals as well as the age at which certain financial milestones should be met. What are the most common financial goals along generational lines? Despite rising prices in the real estate market, what percentage of millennials have their eyes set on purchasing a home? At what age do millennials think theyll pay off their student loan debt? Are older generations focused on saving up for a dream vacation or early retirement? How does financial optimism compare against spending habits? Whos on the right track to achieve their goals and whos struggling?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Video Game Binging  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore video game binging.How long has the average gamer binged, and how long are the most committed gamers binging? How many people have stayed up all night playing a game? How many hours of the first day/weekend/week of a new game are people playing?What are people doing to prepare for new game releases? Are they keeping their schedules clear? What percentage of people have chosen to miss something important so they can play a game instead? What percentage of gamers would rather play than XYZ (see friends, go to the movies, etc..)Which games/publishers/consoles/genres are the most binge worthy?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Flexing Connections to Get the Job  Idea Description: There 's the age-old saying, It 's not WHAT you know, but WHO you know. Given all the economic impacts and unemployment of the COVID-19 pandemic, let 's dig into this topic and how it 's playing out for job hunters today.How many people have ever gotten a job based on knowing the right person? How many people have successfully leveraged their professional network to get new jobs after being unemployed? How do people feel about this practice? Do they think it 's unfair/discriminatory? How many people currently are trying to network more/expand their professional network because they 've seen how valuable those connections can be?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Celebration Confessions  Idea Description: People do some crazy shit when their teams wins. For this campaign, well run a survey about that.Well ask people about the craziest, most reckless, most expensive, etc.. things theyve done to celebrate and/or seen other people do. Well expand on this by surveying about similar responses when teams lose.What percentage of fans have done something crazy because their team won? Which sport has the fans who are most likely to celebrate inappropriately? Do people go wild more when their team wins or loses? How many people ahve broken something, gotten black out drunk, hooked up regretfully, etc... because they were celebrating?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Country Sponsored Cyber Attacks  Idea Description: While popular media glorifies the independent, underground hacker, a large number of cyber attacks are actually sponsored by different countries. This study looks to analyze which countries are sponsoring the most cyber attacks. What are their preferred attack styles and are they attacking public or private entities? Additionally, conclusions can be drawn about which countries are most often the victims of cyber attacks. Currently, most of the discussion of government sponsored cyberterrorism is contained to expert and academic circles. This gives us the opportunity to provide data and analysis about this topic to the general public.  <|endoftext|>"
