"Idea Title: Are Americans Concerned with the Progression of AI Technology?  Idea Description: Are people concerned with the advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AI)? AI technology is quickly evolving, and AI applications once thought infeasible are now easily accessible. Many developments hyped on social media and the tech community are still quite a ways off, but remain within realms of possibility. Is AI something the American public is receptive to? Lets look at what concerns people with the progression of AI, if theyre concerned at all. Do people think the government should start regulating it? Where do people fall in the private corporation vs individual vs government rights when it comes to artificial intelligence?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Motivating Fitness  Idea Description: For many, sticking to your fitness goals is a relatable challenge whether it be because of a lack of progression or feeling judged at the gym. What do people find most motivating in their fitness journey? Which qualities are most important in a workout buddy or personal trainer? How often do people workout before joining a gym versus after'Aiwhat about classes (yoga, kickboxing, cycling, etc)? How often do people workout for different circumstances (home gym, community gym, public gym)? Would people be more motivated to go to the gym if it was was women-only or men-only? How does all of this fluctuate between generations and genders?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep-Deprived Occupations: Hazards and Economic Costs  Idea Description: The most sleep-deprived/well-rested jobs has been covered previously in the media but this will expand on these rankings by crossing this CDC data with a survey to find the top occupational hazards associated with sleep. This will also have a financial angle-- how much are employers in these industries losing due to insufficient employee sleep.The findings from this previous coverage found that many of these occupations are related to population health, well-being, and safety services and by delving further into the top hazards/ consequences from sleep-deprived employees we can expand on these findings and piggyback off coverage.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do You Hate Your Home More or Less Since COVID-19  Idea Description: After six months of COVID and spending much more time in our homes than usual, Im interested to know how peoples feelings about their homes have evolved. Are people happier with their homes now that theyve spent a solid six months in them, likely spending more time and money really creating the space they want than they would have otherwise? What changes have impacted peoples happiness the most -- adding space, bringing in new furniture or decor, adjusting furniture layout, etc.? How many people have steadily become more and more dissatisfied with their home? Has anyone moved in the pandemic just to have a change of scenery?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Delivery the Diet killer  Idea Description: Somehow, whenever I order delivery, its always terrible for you. Is this true for most people? When using services like Uber Eats, or DoorDash, do most people order unhealthy food? How often do people use these services? Is there a correlation between using it more/less often and the type of food you order? Would most people consider their average delivery order healthier or more unhealthy than their general diets? For those who are unhealthy, why dont they order healthier food? Is it a lack of options? Would they even order healthier food if they could? How many look up the calorie information of their orders before ordering?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Chef AI  Idea Description: Combined idea with https://app.asana.com/0/1179549737860187/1179590679860857/f (pitched - not selected by client)--Using text generation AI, we would generate a few thousand recipes. Then use the crowd to rate the recipes based on just their descriptions. [Credit: Kristin T.]From here, well take the highest and lowest rated recipes and hire chefs to cook and/or bake the recipes. Well interview these chefs on the recipes and their thoughts on cooking AI-generated recipes. The success of this campaign will hinge on the visual aspect, so well take high-quality photos to encourage sharing across social media platforms.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Downsizing Regret  Idea Description: A lot of people aspire to getting a larger home, but some people also aspire to downsize and rid their homes and lives of all their accumulated stuff. In this campaign we would survey people who have downsized their home to gauge whether its worth it. Were they ultimately happier with less house to take care of, smaller yard to mow, less maintenance over all? Or did they regret moving into that 2 bedroom, one bath home, and wish they had their privacy back from their kids. We can also ask people how it affected them financially. Did they save tons of money? Sell a lot of their stuff? Would they recommend their decisions to others?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Back In My Day  Idea Description: This campaign would look at the white lies we may or may not have gotten away with as kids and how we think similar scenarios would pan out today. For example, Id tell my parents I got home at curfew but really I was an hour late--how many people also told this white lie, and how many think they could still get away with it today? What about sneaking a boy or girl home? Throwing a party while your parents were out of town? My guess is it would be a lot harder to be a kid nowadays, and we can finish it off by asking how many people agree and whether or not they are thankful for the new safety measures to monitor their future kids.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Should You Ignore Those Entry-level Experience Requirements?  Idea Description: It 's a common frustration for entry-level jobseekers: Why does this entry-level job require 5+ years of experience? Is it a genuine requirement for candidates, or is it a tactic to repel applicants who are less confident?This campaign would explore several different angles of this topic: How many job seekers disregard these experience requirements? How many job postings (and in which industries) expect lots of experience for entry-level positions? Do hiring managers really only accept applicants who meet experience criteria? Do employees report having received interviews or offers despite not meeting experience requirements?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: E-Books vs. Hard Cover  Idea Description: Has the rise in popularity of E-Books finally overtaken physical books, or is the classic feel and satisfaction of physical books been too hard to overcome? This campaign could dive into different audience that use books: avid book readers, college students, older audience, and young adults as a whole. We could look at these different segments and see which they prefer, why they prefer it (saves money, green, feeling, etc.), and more. Along with a survey, we can attempt (maybe through amazon sales api) to find data regarding sales of different types of books in both the physical and digital versions to see which is more preferred.  <|endoftext|>"
