"Idea Title: Spending on Wage Theft vs. Property Theft  Idea Description: Wage theft'Aia form of stealing in which an employer underpays its employees for their work'Aiaccounts for billions of dollars of lost wages in the US every year, dwarfing the dollar value of annual property theft. However, its relatively rare for wage theft to be prosecuted or for a successful prosecution to end with the owed money being returned to the victim. This campaign will combine data on wage theft value, wage theft prosecution costs, property theft value, and property theft prosecution/prevention costs to visualize the disparity between investment in migigating types of theft vs. the impact of those types of theft.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sell the Crypto, not the Currency  Idea Description: Late last year, the Long Island Ice Tea Company added the word blockchain to the end of their name and saw their stock price skyrocket 500 percent. This is a phenomenon that was all the rage last year. For this campaign, let 's conjure up a number of fictitious company names and ask MTurkers how much they think the company is worth. We would then ask another group of MTurkers to judge the names, but this time we would append the names with words like blockchain and crypto. This campaign would be akin to Chris\ Sell the sizzle, not the steak campaign, where we would show how a little bit of framing goes a long, long way.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Workplace Etiquette  Idea Description: Lets take a closer look at when we think people cross the line at the office. And Id be particularly interested to look at what is crossing the line for remote workers. If your in different time zones, for instance, are you mindful of someone elses time zone before sending, or do you not care if its past their work hour and send the doc anyways? What about when it comes to in office coworker habits--have you ever eaten someone elses food? Have you ever accidentally dumped someone elses lunch out because you couldnt stand the smell? How many emails are too many emails? Do you change your email tones for different genders?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ridesharing with Disabilities  Idea Description: What is the rideshare community like for people with disabilities? How difficult is it to get a wheelchair friendly uber? What about if you are deaf or blind? My neighbor is blind and has the uber driver come to the front door and lead him to the car, how many drivers are willing to do this for their rider? What about people with small children, do they use car seats? Do the drivers help them put the seat in? Are they comfortable transporting a child without a carseat? Service dogs? What makes drivers and riders uncomfortable when it comes to these less-likely uber experiences? Do their extra needs impact their passenger ratings?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Using Technology to Analyze Fixer Upper Emotional Reactions  Idea Description: Is it true that Chip and Joanna Gains hit the nail on the head every time with their home renovation show? Let 's use footage from their show Fixer Upper, specifically at the moment of big reveal, to see what emotions are on their client 's faces. We would freeze frame the show at the right moment to get a shot of each persons face and then run the image through Microsoft Cognitive Services Emotion API to see if we can pin point whether or not people actually love the house at first glance. For couples, are there differences? What style of home get the best marks? How do things progress from the beginning to end of the series?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Blending Homes  Idea Description: Moving in together can be chaotic and really the ultimate test for couples. Whether youre dating or married, the process of sharing space and combining lives can be a tricky one. Lets survey people on how theyve done it. What were the most common fights? What are some tips to share? How do the fights and tips differ by relationship type? How did moving in together impact relationship satisfaction or connection? Of those that are dating, would they consider buying a house with their partner before getting married? How do they split finances and what are things that people do that could potentially be harming their relationship?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Relationship Habits and Intimacy  Idea Description: For this campaign, well ask couples about various aspects of their relationship (shared activities, communication styles, division of labor, acts of kindness, etc...) and then compare those to their overall sexual satisfaction and whatever sexy details the client will let us.Are couples who eat breakfast together having better sex? Are couples who argue more often actually having more passionate sex? Are couples who follow traditional gender roles having better or worse sex than couples who defy them? Are couple who have a weekly date night getting it on more often? Are couples who spend less time together having better sex?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pent up demand - Where will you splurge post-covid?  Idea Description: Given our inability to partake in many fun things we all typically spend our money on, more people than ever are saving (look up stat for this). Given the saving happening, and the pent up demand for doing things we love but currently cant, this would be a survey asking people about the things they intend to do immediately following the resolution of Covid (via vaccine, or other scenario where there is no longer any danger). Bars? Cruises? Trips abroad? Vacations? What demographics have pent up purchase desire for which types of things? How much and how fast do they think they will spend money to once things are back to normal?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Crypto Mining & Internet Stability  Idea Description: Bandwidth doesn 't matter as much as latency and dropped packets when mining crypto, because these are what cut into profits.Frontier advertises a steady connection as one benefit of its services.To mine crypto, miners need a steady/stable connection... In this survey, let 's ask crypto miners about their internet stability, and if they 've ever lost profits due to internet instability. Ask miners to estimate how much they lost due to unstable internet connection?Ask what they mine?Ask how important this income is to their financial planning?How much do they make with other sources of income?Where they live?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pitching Wizards - Who Moves the Ball the Most  Idea Description: Looking at this data: https://www.brooksbaseball.net/pfxVB/pfx.php?month=7&day=11&year=2021&game=633270&pitchSel=448179&prevGame=633270&prevDate=711&league=mlb, it is possible to understand extremely granularly the pitches of a pitcher, where the ball left their hand, where it hit in the strike zone, the vertical distance change, the horizontal distance change. Using this data we could find the pitchers that throw the most wicked curveball or pitchers whos pitchs are straightest (move the least from where released), which gives us the most/least predictable pitchers and other superlatives which could be aggregated across teams.  <|endoftext|>"
