"Idea Title: Movies Watched During The Holidays  Idea Description: Holiday time is a great time for watching movies on the couch with family or by one 's self but the ones that end up being watched aren 't necessarily holiday movies per say, we can ask what are the movies that people are actually watching during the holidays? We can come up with a top list of non holiday movies that are being watched during this time, top list of actual holiday movies that are most watched and then analyze those further and see which ones are the oldest that are still in rotation v. the newest ones. What are the genres most watched also? Is it a rom com? Action? or are children 's movies on top for every age?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bedtime Habit Dealbreakers  Idea Description: Even the most tightly knit couples have their own individual habits and quirks. Maybe sometimes, their significant others arent exactly big fans of their quirks. What are the dealbreakers those in relationships absolutely will not tolerate, though? Lets survey 1,000 men and women about their personal bedtime habits as in whether they snore, kick in their sleep, or possibly even sleep walk. What is the most common annoyance in bed? Snoring? Bringing crumbly snacks into bed? How many people have ended a relationship because of their partners less than favorable bedtime behavior? For those who stayed, how do they make it work?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Twitter Day and Night Analysis  Idea Description: For this idea we would use a sampling of Twitter posts weve been collecting for the last year and determine what/if there are differences between the Tweets posted at night, vs the daytime. Do Tweets that come in at night exhibit more of X-emotion, vs those coming in by day? How many people post in the AM, compared to the night? This would be a super deep analysis into Twitter with a timely look at a complete list of 2018 posts. From emotions used in posts, to sleep vs good morning mentions we would have a lot to work with here and would be able to angle this towards social media, sleep, night and morning routines and more...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Work and Your Weight  Idea Description: A lot of offices will offer free food, and a lot of people will end up blaming the free food for their weight gain. Between free food and a heavy workload, how do our jobs get in the way of our health and physical fitness? How do they help us? Do you never have time to work out due to your hours or workload? Or does your office offer free or discounted memberships to gyms, or access to fitness programs? How many people utilize those programs? How many people without them would utilize them if their job offered them? How much do people of different incomes and industries believe work is cutting into or affecting their gym time?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Lack of Sleep Making Us Lazy?  Idea Description: There are tons of people who plan on going to bed at 11, then always play on their phone till 2am. They wake up the next day and rush to work and then dont feel like doing anything after. Lets survey Americans to find out how much sleep they would like to get compared to how much they do get. How many people get exactly as much as they want? How are they different from those that dont? How often do people with a lack of sleep feel lazy? How often do they do things after work? Are they too tired to cook themselves dinner at night? We could explore various ways people who stay up later than they want languish through the day.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Common Google Searches Midst COVID  Idea Description: Is there any way we can see the top 3 google searches by state in the past week? I think we can find some interesting takeaways and we can pitch this regionally to generate quick results good news searches on google are at an all-time high, what other aspects are people currently focusing on: https://9to5google.com/2020/04/02/google-search-good-news-trend/https://www.newsweek.com/coronavirus-good-news-google-1495956https://myq105.com/galleries/the-10-biggest-google-searches-in-florida-for-2019/https://www.hindustantimes.com/tech/google-search-for-good-news-is-at-an-all-time-high/story-wUQ57RAoMhgRn0YD4TtzhL.html  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: First time Homebuyers in the pandemic  Idea Description: 2020 was a great year for mortgage rates, so how many people have capitalized on this and bought their first home during the pandemic?Were they planning to buy a home any way or did the mortgage rates push them faster?do they regret their decision or are they happy?DO they think they got a good deal?Did they move to an area farther than they expected because working situations changed?How difficult was the process? do they think it was easier, harder or the same if they had done it before/after march?Did they see many homes? did they tour them in person or virtually? Did they meet with their realtor? more or less?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hotel Habits  Idea Description: This past weekend I watched a movie called Destination Wedding, and there is a particular scene where the protagonist admitted that he took just about everything from the hotel room, from the soaps and even the bath robes. For this project, lets survey people that travel very frequently and ask them what they do and dont take based on the rating of the hotel (5-start, etc.) We can also see what people in various industries take the most things from hotels. With this we can also ask them the perceived values of each item that they take. How many people take over $100 worth of items during their stay? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Health Habits WFH vs In-Office  Idea Description: How often are WFH people taking advantage of the perk and going for runs or workouts during their lunch breaks or during the work day? Do WFH people feel they are getting enough steps throughout the day without the office? Are they eating healthier because they are home? For this campaign, lets explore how WFH health habits differ from in-office, and in general, what it takes for people to be active WFH folks as well as active in-office. How are the average activity minutes per day differing, and what are the most active folks doing in order to keep healthy, despite their work situation? Is the 9-5 the culprit in our health?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Vulgar Gaming Communities  Idea Description: Idea was inspired by Kip. He referenced an idea he pitched for LegendCorp on vulgar sports fan bases that did well. Gaming communities are just as ego-centric and can be pretty toxic too, so using this methodology and different gaming subreddit communities (we can hone in on the big ones like r/fortnite, etc...), we could search for certain keywords, from profanities to slurs to sexist comments, to see which ones are most toxic overall, which are most sexist, and get overall stats on which are most engaged in their community online. Perhaps this can go to Keypath? I didnt want to forget it and had to write it somewhere.  <|endoftext|>"
