"Idea Title: The Line Between Vanity and Self-Confidence  Idea Description: At some point in our lives we are taught that being vain is a bad thing, and that there is a line between being confident versus being vain. But times are changing, self-care is in, people want to look and feel younger, however we still seem to shame people who we perceive to be self-involved (exhibit A: selfies). What is vanity vs self-love? Why is it so bad to care about how you look? Lets look at public perception of self-care, from what is considered vain and what is considered self-love. We can segment findings by generation and gender, and look at overall life satisfaction and happiness, as well as confidence levels.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Lack of Sleep and Harmful Behavior  Idea Description: I found an interesting study that shows how less sleep in adolescents correlates to an increase in harmful behaviors: https://twitter.com/sleepdiplomat/status/1047130663235670016For our campaign, we would take this concept and run with it, surveying young adults and college students about harmful behaviors that they engage in and how that correlates to the amount and quality of sleep that they\re getting. Although harmful behaviors are typically limited to things like risky driving and drug use, we could expand it in a number of ways, for example: showing up late for work/school, not eating well, not exercising, etc..  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confidence with Finances  Idea Description: How confident are you when it comes to your ability to handle different aspects of your financial health? Do you have a 401k? Do you feel confident that what youre doing is whats right for your finances? How confident did you feel when it came time to file your taxes? How many people are confident in it, but had someone else do them anyway? How confident do you feel taking out a personal loan? How does this differ by income, or credit score? (if that doesnt violate TOS) Do you feel confident that youve done whats best for your finances, and what area of finance do people say theyre the most confident in?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confessions of a Tow Truck Driver  Idea Description: Its safe to say the majority of car owners despise tow truck drivers, but hey, theyre just doing their jobs, right? Similar to our previous confession-style campaigns, lets survey 200 tow truck drivers to hear about their most heartwarming and gut-wrenching stories. How do they feel upon picking up a wrecked vehicle after a horrific collision? What percentage have been threaten when trying to tow an illegally parked car? What happens when a customer refuses to pay? What was their first tow like? How many plan on being a tow truck driver for the rest of their career? How many enjoy arguing with drivers? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Career Coaching  Idea Description: For this campaign let 's look at employees who have had coaching, whether it be coaching for the interview process, a mentor at work, or extra resources for learning on the job. How has it impacted their career? How do employees feel that aren 't offered those resources? Do they feel less valuable to their employers? Do employees who are offered a mentorship program or extra resources really take advantage of them? It would be interesting to break this down by experience level - entry, mid, senior employees, and see if upper level employees continue using coaching or if they feel they don 't need it at a certain point.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Leaving On a Good Note  Idea Description: How many employees want to interview elsewhere, but dont want to burn any bridges at their current job? Also, how would employers take it when an employee asks for a good recommendation?For this campaign lets explore the idea switching jobs, while keeping a good relationship. Would employers hire back an employee who left, but left on good terms? Would an employer fire someone who asked to interview elsewhere. We could survey employers (Hiring managers at both large corporations and small businesses) and employees who have interviewed for new jobs while employed, to understand the process and how to tread it correctly.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Chronically Late  Idea Description: Lets explore the consequences of being chronically late to work - and the situations in which it actually doesnt make an impact.How many people work in an office/job where being strictly on time really matters? How do managers feel about latecomers? How many chances will they give? Do they care if the person is a really good worker? How does timeliness compare to other qualities in terms of importance? How do others feel when their colleagues are late?We can see why people are late to work, what theyve done to try to fix it? How many say they do not give a damn and nothing has happened to them as a result?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Business Benefits  Idea Description: Do small business owners really take advantage of tax benefits? How many business owners completely rely on an accountant to look and suggest those moves or tax credits? How many SBOs even use an accountant? Do more seasoned owners typically have a spend calendar, helping them keep track of money that needs to be spent (tax write offs)? How many typically go the year and realize they could have bought a new computer for the business, but didnt? Use credit cards to accumulate rewards, or not? For this idea we would dig into responses from SBOs to find out just what types of business benefits they take advantage of or not.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Avoiding the Tests  Idea Description: How many people avoid going to their gyno or doc when they feel that something is off about their genitals or the health of their reproductive parts? Out of sheer self-consciousness or worry? Lets survey 1,000 people to see how many people at any point in their life have pushed off or completely avoided a visit or a test. Well ask them if they though the issue would resolve itself, if it did, and if it did not, what the consequences were. Well look at the data by gender and age group, and measure self-consciousness, fear of stigmatization, avoidance of intimacy, and level of worry for their health that they experienced.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Stadium Alcohol Bans  Idea Description: The SEC recently lifted its conference-wide alcohol ban which sent my former campus into an uproar. Finally, you can buy beer in The Swamp. Still, theres strict laws about tailgating on campus at other schools like Vanderbilt (alcohol other than beer isnt forbidden at tailgates). Theres a multitude of articles explaining how inextricable drinking is to sporting events, so lets gauge fans sentiments (not restricted to college sports fans).Is drinking at your teams event part of the experience? How many feel a game isnt complete without a tailgate? Even if their local stadium banned alcohol, would this stop anyone?  <|endoftext|>"
