"Idea Title: Gender Roles and Safety  Idea Description: Perceptions of safety and masculinity have traditionally been closely associated. While not true for everyone, many still hold the belief that men should sleep closer to the door, investigate suspicious noises, or even fight to defend ones honor.But do we really feel these expectations are fair and how do men feel about these social pressures? If a partner were to reject these expectations of putting oneself in harms way, would their significant other think less of them?To learn more, well conduct a survey asking respondents to report on their experiences and perceptions of gender roles in relation to security.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Remote Work + Cybersecurity  Idea Description: With many teams going remote for the first time ever (and with little prep time), how are managers and workers ensuring their companys (and customers) data is secure? Lets survey people who are both newly remote and those whose companies have traditionally had remote workforces. How have these companies handled the transition? What security measures, if any, did they put in place or are working to put in place? How many companies are getting cheap with their online security measures instead of investing in protection? Lets see how many feel concerned, what measures are most important at this time of transition.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confessions of a Teacher  Idea Description: If there 's any profession that needs preservation, protection, and the ability to be heard, it 's teachers. So let 's give them the opportunity to voice themselves, with a confessions of campaign where we survey teachers on their experiences. What are the areas where they feel the most support? How hard or easy does the job get as you teach older children? And what are the biggest horror stories about classroom misbehavior?We\d segment by public and private school teachers, along with age-level (elementary, middle, etc.) and find out all about them. I dont think we\d have a sample problem with prolific targeting.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Road Trip!  Idea Description: My brother in law in an avid traveler. With everything going on,he 's switched over to road travel, and just completed a trip to NY.For this campaign, we 'll explore how many people are road tripping, where they\re headed, and what they\re experiencing along the way. How far and long are people driving? Are they going places they would 've otherwise flown right over? Is it giving them more appreciation for fly-over states that they\re now driving through? Are they experiencing regional differences that they did or didn 't expect (COVID-related and in general) as they travel through different cities/states/regions?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sexual Assault in the Military  Idea Description: https://www.sapr.mil/reportsUsing the annual reports provided by the DoD SAPRO, we could explore the increasingly-talked about topic of sexual assault within the military. There are annual reports from 2004-2019 from each branch; army, navy, air force, national guard. We could compare these branches as well as the differences in reported data from year to year.According to VA, veterans can apply for a disability compensation for conditions related to military sexual trauma (MST). We could compare the number of reports of sexual assault in the military to the number of veterans actually receiving this compensation.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Living paychex to paychex  Idea Description: How many millennials are living paycheck to paycheck, and what is that doing to their understanding of budgeting, money, and fiscal responsibility. How many people wait to buy something until payday? We could even launch this on the last few days of the month before payday and see how many people are CURRENTLY waiting for the EOM or 1st to be paid. Where does your paycheck go at the first of the month? How does living paycheck to paycheck affect your stress, despiration, and resentment toward your employer? And how high would salaries need to be for people to not live that way? Is it self-imposed through high fixed costs?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How True Crime Shapes Perceptions  Idea Description: Whether its podcasts, books, TV reenactments, or documentaries, the true crime genre has seen a huge rise in popularity. Even though the stories are incredibly grizzly and scary, why do we keep coming back? How many have had to take a breather from their regular true crime content because it became mentally overwhelming? Did they start feeling scared to be alone? Start having dreams? How long was it before they decided to pick back up again? How many started taking more safety precautions in their personal life because of true crime? Which kinds of crimes do they believe are the most likely to happen to someone?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Defining Twitch Audiences  Idea Description: What compels someone to view another player in gameplay on Twitch? I just watched a stream of the top Minecraft twitcher streaming Minecraft play and it was incredibly boring, but he had over 18k viewers at that moment. What compels someone to view and watch someone else have all the fun? How educational is it to view top Twitch streamers? Which big names are their heroes? Lets use a simple survey to understand the demographics of Twitch viewers and why they watch, what games they watch, money donated if any, and what they get out of it. Is it a community unlike one they have on other platforms? What sets Twitch apart?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wedding budgeting  Idea Description: Lets do a survey about engagement rings, proposing, and weddings, particularly costs and just how much more expensive they are than anyone knows. I was going to do something on my blog about it, but if Discover wants my personal story, we could even show with a ton of transparency my own financials/costs etc and itemize everything thats going into my wedding and I could even write a bit about it for them. Wed pair that with a survey, maybe some HARO from wedding planners about cost savings, and see how many people say having a planner saves them money, potential money saving tips, and feelings about wedding spending.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Reasons for Moving and Migration Flows  Idea Description: The Census has some cool data on reasons people moved in the 2017-18 time period, and includes demo breakdowns for age, race/ethnicity, gender, as well as poverty status and if they rented or owned their home. The table directly under it has the same info but with demos that include income, occupation, and industry. We could also include a map of the migration flows from region to region with the income, occupation, and industry as well. This data could be cool on its own, and they have a historical look as well, but that only looks at the totals for reasons why people moved within the US in those time periods.  <|endoftext|>"
