"Idea Title: Time Saved by COVID  Idea Description: We were talking about how we have saved time from commuting, not heading home to walk the dog, etc. SO this got me thinking, lets quantify this and see how many miles, hours, minutes etc have been given back to employees.Now that they are WFH do they start earlier? Do they take longer breaks? no breaks? less breaks? How many people are using their hours saved commuting and putting those hours towards more work.This would ask a lot of number based questions for us to get hard stats and compare the time spent by employees and focusing on how they have saved their commute and been (hopefully) productive with it.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: I Dont Trust...  Idea Description: Ive never had a credit card in my life and I may never get one because my dad put the fear of the devil in me growing up - you never buy/own what you cant pay for. Are there others out there who have never owned a credit card? Why? Who raised them? Parents or grandparents? Are they immigrants? What about their parents/grandparents (whoever raised them) - are they immigrants? Age of that/those people (is their a correlation)? Do they have money saved up? What are misconceptions of credit cards that they have? What would it take for them to get a credit card? Why wont they get one despite the benefits? Do they invest?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Americas Roughest Roads  Idea Description: Weve done analyses in the past about road conditions across the US, but we havent explored how these road conditions contribute to traffic fatalities.Using the FHWA Highway Statistics, lets look at highway conditions and fatalities by state. Are urban or rural roads more affected by poor conditions? In which states are road conditions poorest and traffic fatalities greatest? We could also explore weather related traffic fatalities using FARS. Overall, how do poor road conditions compare to weather conditions in terms of fatalities- is the roughness of the pavement more or less dangerous than wild weather?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dividing Lines  Idea Description: How many people would live next to a household or apartment of a Trump supporter? How many people would consider moving if a hardcore supporter of someone they hated moved in next door? Would you be more petty towards them? Would you even introduce yourself? How do you deal with the awkward political conversations when they happen? At what point do you cut ties with a neighbor over political views or signs in their yards? We can also expand this to include how people deal with the topic of politics in general when discussing with someone who doesnt share their views, and how we change in our treatment of that person.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ashamed, Undercover or Vocal About Your Pot Use?  Idea Description: Some of us flaunt it, some of us hide it, some of us kinda just do it sometimes and dont mention it until someone asks.... Who are you? And how does this differ between those in legal states, and dry states for marijuana? Lets get to the bottom of how people want to be perceived and how they talk about their marijuana use. Do certain demos like to talk about it more? Are men X% more likely to talk about their habit? Are those who are retired more likely to flaunt it than someone on a career path? Which industries have the most in illegal states who have admitted they use marijuana to a co-worker? And more...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: First Car Sentiments  Idea Description: How much are people really spending on a new car compared to the cost of their first car? 10% or maybe 50% of annual income? How does this correlate to their monthly housing cost? How much should Americans really spend on a new car? What are the car buying tips we wish we knew before buying our first car? What is the ideal ratio of spending on our cars and housing as it relates to our personal annual income? For our first car, how many drivers felt the need to have just as nice of a car as their peers in school or better? How many people did not have that luxury and what are their car buying sentiments now as an adult?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Countries Your Favorite Netflix Shows Live On  Idea Description: We 've all experienced the heart-wrenching feeling of realizing one of our favorite shows or movies is no longer available on our go-to streaming service. Just look at the backlash Netflix received from fans when it announced it was taking Friends off the service -- it was so swift and forceful that Netflix was like, Jk, nvm.Using this source Mike G. found, http://unogs.com/?st=c, let 's look at the most popular shows and movies and figure out which countries you can stream them in. Ideally, we\d be able to make a world map showing which countries have streaming access to biggest number of popular shows/movies.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Disastrous Dates  Idea Description: The Angel Shot & Ask Angela have become popular across bars in the US, but are women aware? And if they are what horrors occurred that lead to the bartender?We can ask 1,000 people about their experiences on having to escape from a date and if they are aware of bar tactics to help them do so?A few questions we could ask - How many times have you had to escape a bad date?- Do you know about the angel shot?- Do you know about #askangela- What did your date do that caused you to want to leave early?- Did you fear for your safety at any time during this date?- If so, what did you do in order to escape?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Predicting the Future of Cars  Idea Description: This medium post: https://geoffnesnow.medium.com/mind-blowing-driverless-future-fcc5197d509Is a fascinating list of predictions about what could happen if we get fully AI level 5 driving. The implications are staggering. This would be a survey, either of experts or the general population, asking them to weigh in on the probablity of these predictions coming true. Things like:1. Elimination of most parking spaces2. Traffic policing becomes redundant3. Vehicle designs will change massively toward comfort4. People will no longer own their own cars, and will instead subscribe.5. Walkable cities will explode  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Delayed Auto Repairs  Idea Description: You see it all the time. A dent in the driver door. A bumper held together with tape. A window that doesnt quite close.For this campaign, well survey 1K drivers on the repairs and maintenance theyve continued to put off. What are the most commonly delayed repairs and how many are driving under potentially dangerous conditions. We can expand to also look at how frequently people skip or delay their regular maintenance visits, like oil or tire changes. Or how frequently they wash or clean their car.Which generations are the worst offenders and how often is finances the primary reasons for not getting it fixed.  <|endoftext|>"
