"Idea Title: I eat the Food Pyramid for a month  Idea Description: The Food Pyramid was invented in 1992! And it lived until Michelle Obama tore down the pyramid and invented a new plate system. I think it speaks to the fact that a bunch of people in charge never really know what they\re talking about, and I think a unique way to show it off would be in the form of a long-form blog post/campaign about one person doing the food pyramid a la supersize me. We\d incorporate graphs that show the obesity rising over time (particularly during the food pyramid 's reign), and this would give us an opportunity to try something new and a new narrative style. No more cookie cutter projects!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Boozy Beds  Idea Description: In this campaign, lets explore substance abuse before bed as COVID-19 cases surge in the U.S. How many nights a week are people drinking or smoking before bed? Is this habit more common among younger generations? How many drinks or hits/drags are people taking each night, on average? What types of drinks or spirits are people binging before bed? Next, well analyze how substance abuse impacts sleep and other health measures like stress and life satisfaction. Does drinking before bed help people knock out? Is it worsening their stress during these tumultuous times? How many people plan on kicking this habits in 2021?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: White Lies at Work  Idea Description: I'm working on it right now It will be ready by end of day I have to leave for the dentist These statements are just a few of the phrases we hear at work when people need to stretch the truth. In order to avoid trouble, please the boss, or save your own ass, we all have told white lies at work. Let 's conduct a survey of workers to see what the most common lies/half-truths are, and why they are told. What gender, generation, and role tells the most white lies, and which ones are most unique to them? Which industries are most honest and direct? How does lying relate to pay, raises, and overall job security?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employee Sentiment Towards Employers Based on Reactions to COVID-19  Idea Description: For this timely campaign, lets look at employees opinions of their employers since the COVID-19 pandemic has started. Well ask people about how their company initially reacted and potentially changed over time. How long did it take for them to mandate remote working? Are people getting paid leave? How many people have to work because they have no other options and their employer refuses to close?Then, wed compare those variables to employee sentiment. Is their opinion of their employer/company leadership more positive or negative now? Once the economy stabilizes, will they consider changing jobs/careers?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: 2018s Best and Worst Viral Dance Moves, by Demo  Idea Description: 2018 has been the year of the dance challenge. Kiki, Flossing, BTSs #IdolChallenge, Fortnite dances, etc.As the year comes to a close, lets conduct a survey to determine the definitive ranking of the years best (and worst) dance trends, with comparisons to past years moves as well (nae nae, gangam, stanky leg, etc.)We can define best in a few different ways: Which moves impress on the dance floor? Which are the biggest turn-ons? Best to breakout at a party? Imagine an animated scatterplot of moves by difficulty and sentiment.TLDR: Like our Sexual Position Preferences campaign except with dance moves.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Patterns of New Parents  Idea Description: Having a child is incredibly time consuming, and often leads to erratic sleep patterns or no sleep at all. Lets survey parents and average how much sleep they get a night. Does one partner get more sleep than the other or is it awful on both ends? What would they give up for better sleep? We could also ask the concrete ways the lack of sleep has affected them. Have they fallen asleep at the wheel unknowingly? Fallen asleep during a meeting at work? Forgotten an important appointment like a doctors visit?Did they get better or worse with their sleep habits after having a second or third child if they had them?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Defining the Middle Class  Idea Description: Similar to the previously successful Perceptions of Prosperity and What is Broke? campaigns, let 's survey 1,000 people on how they would define the middle class. There is a kaleidoscopic range of definitions for the middle class, from aspirations to measures of income and everything in between. What 's the perceived salary distribution of the middle class? Is middle class denoted by occupational status or educational attainment? What is the mindset, aspirations and common consumer behavior of the middle class? What habits are perceived as middle class , especially in terms of spending + saving? Let 's find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: New Job Regret  Idea Description: As we discovered in Why Haven 't You Quit Yet there are many scary things that keep people in their current jobs even when they\re not happy. But what happens when those normal fears come true once you seek out a new job?Let 's survey people who 've changed jobs in the last year or two. How many feel regret about changing jobs? How many say they want to go back to their old job? IF so, why? What were the reasons they left, and how does this impact their regret or satisfaction with their new job?What type of worker is most likely to feel regret? Which type is most confident about their decision to move on?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: BRFSS: Veterans and Physical Health  Idea Description: For the record, Ive been pondering this idea since before I saw Angelas idea about mental health. This would basically be that but for physical health.Using the BRFSS, we would compare the physical health of veterans to the average population. Are they more or less healthy? Are there medical conditions theyre more or less likely to experience? Are there any particular disabilities theyre more likely to experience that the general population? Are they more or less likely to engage in various physical activity, or to have various physical capabilities (I remember a question about ability to lift heavy objects)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wedding Sacrifices  Idea Description: Lets face it, weddings are expensive. Especially in the social media age where everything has to look perfect and be better than the next persons. This project would look into the ways people are paying for their big day. What measures, drastic or not have people taken to save some money for their dream wedding? What % of people have moved in with parents to save money? What % have sold a car? What % give up Starbucks until the big day just to save some extra $? What other ways are people turning to to pay? Loans? Credit cards? Parents? How do these differ by demo? Could look at hypotheticals as well if necessary.  <|endoftext|>"
