"Idea Title: Ship Me Not  Idea Description: With Amazon Prime shipping, you can have millions of products shipped to your front door in two days or less for free. But what are people unwilling to have shipped to their homes? And what degree of impact does the fear that your online order being stolen from your porch have on your online purchasing decisions? Or what about judgement from others if they were to find out what you bought online? For this campaign, lets examine the products that people say they are unwilling to have shipped to them from an online store, and what these people factor in when making the decision to buy or not to buy something online.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Iconic Work Uniforms  Idea Description: In our favorite TV shows and movies, many of the characters have jobs - and oftentimes the costumes are kind of ridiculous. Which of these are the most iconic and recognizeable? If you saw the uniforms from Good Burger would you be able to name the movie? What about the bellhop uniform from The Grand Budapest Hotel? Prison outfits of Oh Brother Where Art Thou? Dr. Sheppard 's dark blue scrubs and cap from Grey 's Anatomy? Or the brown suit of Ghostbusters? The waitress outfits in 2 Broke Girls? Let 's conduct a survey where we show photos of TV show/movie costumes and have respondents see if they can ID it.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Passing up life events for streaming  Idea Description: Inspired by this research using the American Time Use Survey in 2018: https://www.marketwatch.com/story/we-now-spend-more-time-on-netflix-than-we-do-bonding-with-our-kids-2018-09-13-12882032https://www.streamingobserver.com/time-spent-watching-netflix/Id like to explore this topic further and uncover how much free time people spend streaming rather than spending time with friends, being outdoors, planning for the future, financial planning, etc.I know when I have some free time and I could be doing something productive like house hunting, its much easier to just turn on Netflix and tune out for a while.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do You Still Find Your Partner Sexy?  Idea Description: Are you currently dating or with a partner of a similar age? If you 've been together for a while, how has your attraction to your partner changed as you 've both grown older? Do you still find them hot? Do you tell them they\re sexy? How has what you find sexy about your partner changed since you 've grown older? Perhaps it was more physical when you were younger but in your 50 's, you find certain behaviors sexy. If you are attracted to your partner in old age, do you also find other individuals of the same age attractive? How has your or your partner 's self-confidence changed as you 've grown older together?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Imposter Syndrome vs. Big 5 Personality  Idea Description: https://www.psycom.net/imposter-syndrome-quizImposter syndrome is essentially defined as an individual not feeling accomplished enough or feeling like they can be called out as frauds. This campaign would explore the demographics of people that feel they identify with this condition. We can utilize online imposter syndrome quizzes as a reference to gauge whether respondents have imposter syndrome tendencies and whether they feel they identify or not. To take this a step further, we can cross imposter syndrome with big 5 personality in order to see if certain personalities connect with imposter syndrome overall.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: #Sponsored - Analysis of IG Posts  Idea Description: The FTC recently cracked down on sponsored content appearing on social media platforms, most notably in the case of Kim Kardashian. Per new FTC rules, users are using the hashtag #sponsored or #ad to disclose advertised posts (sponsored outside IG ad platform).Lets scrape these tags to conduct a deep dive into sponsored social content. Based on scope, we can take this as far as we want. From basic IG data visualizations of likes, caption text analysis, geo tagging, to more advanced analysis including facial emotion analysis API, color recognition, item identification, or image classification from respondents.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Early Birds vs Night Owls  Idea Description: Exercising regularly has been linked to a better sleep schedule/better sleep in general. Theres differing opinions about the best time to work out for optimal calorie/fat burning, but what leads to better sleep? We could survey people about what time of day they choose to work out, how often the exercise, and then ask about their sleep habits. Do they notice a difference in their sleep when they start/stop an exercise routine? Do people who work out super early in the morning have an easier time winding down and falling asleep later on in the day? Or are late night workouts the best way to tire yourself out?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Annual Streaming Habits  Idea Description: If people pay for a streaming subscription for an entire year, thats 365 days (8,760 hours) that they have access to just a ton of content. For this campaign, lets survey people about their streaming habits. How many people feel they mostly watch just their favorite shows over and over? How many new-to-them shows do people report watching in a year? Why do people fall on one side of the spectrum or another? Do they not have the time/energy to devote to a new show? Are they overwhelmed by too many choices? Conversely, do they like to be in the know on all the latest shows? Do they want to avoid spoilers?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleepwalkers Study  Idea Description: In this project, lets survey 1,000 people about their sleepwalking, and talking, habits. What percentage of people walk and/or talk in their sleep? Lets explore this freaky phenomenon by gender, age, employment status, income, and more demographics for some lighthearted, yet relatable takeaways. Are high-stress individuals more likely to sleepwalk or talk about work in their sleep? How many people cooked in their sleep? What percentage of sleepwalkers injured themselves while sleeping walking? Do people regret words they spoke during a sleep-talking session? How many people remember sleepwalking? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Analysis of the Hail Mary Pass  Idea Description: Using data from ProFootballReference.com, lets conduct an analysis of one of footballs most exciting and dramatic plays, the hail mary.By filtering for NFL plays featuring a pass attempt for more than X yards on 4th down, we can analyze various factors such as rate of completion, interception %, increase or decrease in hail mary attempts over the past decade, the quarterbacks who throw them most often, the quarterbacks who are most successful, and more. How does the rate of completion or interception vary by how many yards are attempted? Well feature fun and interesting breakdowns by team and players.  <|endoftext|>"
