"Idea Title: Finding mission-driven work  Idea Description: Particularly given the recent society-changing events from the pandemic to the insurrection at the US Capital, how many people are interested in leaving their job in search of work that allows them to feel part of positive change (whatever that may be).Are some people looking for paid work in politics after seeing how the parties are handling (or not handling) these emergencies? How has the media attention for a Green New Deal affected people 's desire to be employed by climate-activist organizations? How many think work is just work and really prefer to work their 40 hours and then not think about it again?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Getting Rid of Allergies  Idea Description: My girlfriend used to be allergic to my dogs and would be stuffy every time she came over. Over time, she became less and less stuffy. Eventually, her allergy was gonna. Lets survey people to find out how long they have had an allergy. How often do they push this allergy and interact with something they shouldnt. Did they lose their allergy? Did it at least get better? Do those who are lactose intolerant who continue to drink milk get over it? Lets focus on anything that could potentially go away. When did they do this? Can this only happen in youth? Have elderly people tried this and put their health at risk?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Tasking  Idea Description: What would you pay for specific tasks to be done, and what is the actual average (or median) cost of doing those tasks, using Airtaskers internal data. We can survey people in Australia (or the UK/US/EU - wherever) about how much they would pay for specific, popular tasks found on Airtasker or even outlandish tasks found on Airtasker. What would they expect from the median end of the price spectrum? From the low end? From the top end? We can compare that with reviews or descriptions of service offerings from real tasks, and average ratings for the task completion. *THIS ASSUMES THEIR INTERNAL DATA HAS THIS INFO*  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Saving Your Employer Money  Idea Description: Is it an employees responsibility to save their employer money whenever possible? How far out of your way would you go to save your employer money? Do you believe saving your employer money benefits you as well?For this idea, well survey employees of various job levels (and business sizes) to understand their perceptions and experiences.How do attitudes vary by age, business size, and job level? What are the most common ways you have saved money for your employer? If given an option to complete an easy work task by outsourcing vs. doing the task yourself without spending money, which would you choose?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: A Life Without Streaming  Idea Description: As weve all been confined in doors more than ever in 2020, streaming has somehow become an even bigger part of our lives than it was before. In this unique methodology, lets find a group of volunteers (either from the office or through Mturk) to give up all video streaming for 1 week and survey them about their experiences. How difficult was it to go without streaming? What did people do with their time instead? Was it overall a positive or negative experience? We can combine this is with a broader survey of streaming users about how much it factors into their free time, especially during the pandemic.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Car Cleanliness  Idea Description: Do you hardcore judge someone who has stuff EVERYWHERE when you try to get in the passenger seat of their car? If youre on a date, how likely is their messy car to hurt or help their chances of a second date? Are you more likely to go on a date with someone who has a dirty/messy sports car or a clean older car? How often do you clean your car out, and what kinds of things do you just leave in your car forever? Have you or someone you know ever gotten ants due to food wrappers left in your car? When was the last time you washed your car? OR cleaned out the inside of your car? How clean is your house vs your car?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ultimate GOT Heroes by Demo  Idea Description: Because GOT is so dark and full of characters that have to kill and pillage in order to stay alive, who are the heroes? Has Jamie turned enough to now be considered a hero? Is Dany a hero even though shes massacred the upper middle class people of Mereen? Lets take it to the fans and ask them to weigh both the noble and murderous accomplishments of their favorite characters. Lets break down our heroes by demo: political affiliation, age group, generation, general personality (introvert, extrovert), gender, and even income level. Where do American values lie, when considering a hero? Even the darkest ones?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Americas Bucket List  Idea Description: Weve pitched bucket list projects before, but I think we could do a cool one blending survey and instagram data for US specifics. Wed ask what cities people most want to visit, which are the most re-visitable, and what they look for the most in exploring new cities? Wed then scrape IG for the top X cities (50?) and find out where the highest # of check ins are in each city. We could even categorize in each city by restaurant, whether its a tourist destination or not. The result would show top tourist destinations, and top bucket list places in America, using pictures from IG users to make the piece pretty.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Veteran Business Owners  Idea Description: Using monthly 2020 data from IPUMS Current Population Survey, we can conduct an analysis on self-employed veterans and veteran business owners from January to July of this year, providing an interesting look into how this demographic has been impacted by Coronavirus.How many self-employed veterans experienced job loss due to Coronavirus? Was the rate of job loss higher or lower than the average population? For which industries or occupations were veterans most significantly impacted? Which cities or states saw the most veterans lose jobs?Additional veteran employment data is also available from the BLS.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Repurchasing Food Recalls  Idea Description: Americas food supply is usually remarkably safe but from now on it will never be the same. The recent wave of lettuce and beef recalls shows that Americans are no longer safe when consuming food at their local restaurant or grocery store. From the list of recalled foods how many of these products are Americans still likely to eat? How long will it take people to eat anything lettuce related? Most Americans are probably unaware that there was a recall for Goldfish and Ritz crackers for salmonella. Focusing on the recalled products that caused salmonella, lets see if Americans would repurchase certain brands?  <|endoftext|>"
