"Idea Title: To Move or Not to Move?  Idea Description: I heard Ellen Degeneres say that she likes to move every year. Personally, I think moving is one of the most stressful things ever. Lets survey people about how often they move and what the best worst parts are. In addition, we would have respondents take a personality test so we can determine if there are any personality traits common in people who like to move a lot. Do they constantly need something new in their life? Just enjoy looking at houses? Like meeting new people?What is the big draw? Would people rather move every year or stay in the same place forever? Do you have to convince your spouse to move?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: We Want Prenup!  Idea Description: Prenups are often thought of as only for celebrities or those who dont trust their spouse, but they are actually becoming more and more popular among couples. This project would look into the reasons that couples are opting for prenups and how this compares to how long they were dating, engaged, etc. What % of couples get a prenup because they are business owners? What % want one because their spouse doesnt work? Or has much more debt than them? On the flip side, what % of people would be offended or even call off a wedding if their partner suggested a prenup? Are they more popular with a certain generation?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: BUSTED!!!  Idea Description: Have you ever come home at an ungodly hour and your parents catch you completely stoned or black out drunk? For those that have, how did your parents react? Did they have an intervention over breakfast the next morning or did they act like nothing happened? For this project lets try to get a better understanding from the parents perspective and how a parent would typically react to their son or daughter coming home drunk, stoned, or under the influence of various drugs. How does a parents reaction differ if they have a son or a daughter? Are parents more protective of daughters than sons? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Paycheck Apportionment: How Much We Spend on Stupid Stuff  Idea Description: Is the struggle really so real? This project will attempt to gauge whether the financial troubles many of us find ourselves in are, at least in part, self imposed. Are we really not getting paid enough to carve out a decent life? Or could being more frugal when it comes to various luxuries bring us closer to financial security? We 'll ask employed respondents to what degree they agree or disagree that they\re financially secure, ask what they make in a two week period, and then dissect their paychecks. Are paychecks spent wisely - that is to say, on rent and savings and investments, or on the frivolous?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: NEISS Stairs Injury Analysis  Idea Description: In this project, lets tap the NEISS for injuries related to the stairs by age and sex over time. Are seniors getting injured on stairs and ramps at an increasing rate? Are older men or women more prone to stair-related injuries? What about younger people? Additionally, lets color this data with a supplemental survey to determine the percentage of people whove fallen down the stairs. What percentage of young adults are worried about their parents walking about stairs? How many boomers have moved to a one-story home? Well include a wide variety of scenarios and write-in options to hear their stairs stories.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Future of Crypto in the Light of Brexit  Idea Description: Brexit is still kind of a shitshow right now, which is NOT good for the British economy. But, if the UK manages to spring loose from the EU, it could have an opportunity to take a lead in cryptocurrency in Europe. Additionally, as the pound and stocks plummet in the UK, are crypto prices moving in an opposite or at least, a steadier downward dive? For this project, we could compare the pound value to the crypto values and we could survey British people about their openness to buying crypto and their feelings about the direction of their economy. We could compare these results to Americans outlook on crypto.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Important is Data Privacy in America?  Idea Description: Trusting technology has become a common ideology in our modern society, but are Americans blindly putting faith in tech to keep their data safe? How many Americans believe data privacy is important and how does that stack up to other major issues (gun control, job creation, immigration, etc.)? How many devices/apps/etc. do people save their data on? How many people have fallen victim to identity theft and how does that compare to their data privacy habits? How many people still trust Facebook despite recent events?Add in an aspect list in this idea https://app.asana.com/0/911495123333660/911515845786782/f  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perception vs. Reality Junk Food  Idea Description: Do Americans actually have a good understanding of the calories they are consuming? Are there certain foods they think are healthier/more unhealthy than they actually are? For this project, we would run a visual survey showing photos of different food groups: Salads, Burgers, Milkshakes, etc. from Chain restaurants like Chiles where the calories are printed on the menu. We would have respondents guess how many calories are in each food item. We would also have them list the top attributes they associate with each food group. We can also ask how often the average American eats out per week as an intro asset.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Putting Numbers Behind [Climate Change] Weather and Insurance Cost  Idea Description: Ideating directly around their potential idea of increased payout costs over last X years due to increasing event severity (mentioned in campaign brief):Lets explore how premiums and payout costs have increased over multiple years. Lets then zoom in to look at weather related claims and loss causes. How have they developed over multiple years? What loss causes related to weather are most expensive (on average), which ones have increased the most, which ones have decreased? Which ones are re-occurring? We can also look at weather losses by month most likely to occur (on average over multiple years).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hotels vs Hostels vs Airbnbs  Idea Description: Traveling abroad (specifically in the UK) is very convenient and can be quite cost-effective, but theres a lot to consider when choosing lodging. Lets look at the factors people consider when choosing where to stay while theyre traveling from sleep to cleanliness to noise to social elements and see how the most popular types of lodging stack up. We could explore use Yelp data to compare the accommodations in the most popular UK (or Premier Inn) cities. Further, we could survey people about the quality of sleep they receive at each and why. Needs a bit of refining, but I think theres something here!  <|endoftext|>"
