Idea Title: How Much Meaning Do We Place on Dreams  Idea Description: I know someone who quit their job other a disturbing dream theyve had. Ive seen Reddit threads where users have complained about getting attacked by their girlfriends because of how they behaved in a dream. Lets look at the actions people have taken due to dreams theyve had. Ive seen this story and heard it first-hand enough to believe we can generate a promo-worthy statistics on how many people have done this. How do dreams affect how you perceive others? Lets get general statistics on how people feel about dreams. What % of them feel dreams have prophetic elements or think theyre purely nonsensical?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: What is Financially Savvy?  Idea Description: Do you consider yourself financially savvy? What do we even consider financially savvy? Is it having a certain amount of money saved up in the bank? Is it not spending cash when you can take out a loan to help boost your credit? For this idea we would survey people on what they think it means to be financially savvy in 2019 and what characteristics make up those who are. How does this change from millennial to baby boomer? This idea would dig into the average Americans perception on the topic and hope to shed some light on just what we consider someone whos got it all together, when it comes to finances.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Should more businesses help pay student debt?  Idea Description: Would you rather? Are early grads wanting to apply and work for companies that will help pay off their student loans? Would they accept a lower starting salary if the company offered to help pay them?Would they sacrifice other benefits in place of help paying off student loans?Also, a general overview (asset) about people 's perceptions on the idea of businesses that do or don 't help pay off student debt.We will survey 1,000 people (X number having student loans to take survey)https://www.businessinsider.com/goodly-a-y-combinator-startup-wants-to-help-employees-repay-student-debt-2018-11  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Life-Changing Documentaries  Idea Description: I 've had more than a few friends decide to give up meat after viewing What the Health on Netflix. At the same time, this facts presented in this doc has been critiqued and questioned. Let 's see if we can quantify the most life-changing docs on NEtflix and other streaming services.We can present survey takers with a list of films, and ask which they 've seen. Then, we 'll ask them if the film impacted their life choices in any ways. We can also ask which ones they doubted the credibility of. With this, we\d be able to see the recent documentaries that are most impactful - and most doubted.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Game Night  Idea Description: Disclaimer: I know that Erin has PTSD from pitching a few shitty board game ideas, but I still think this one could work.If you look on the shelf at any big box store, its clear that board and card games are booming. I LOVE board and card games, and many other millennials seem to as well. Theres something special about the dynamic that they create compared to other hangout activities, and this campaign will explore that.Well explore topics like: How often people play them, what types of games they play, why they play them, and how games bring them and their friends together.3/12 additions:  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is the pandemic the final nail in the coffin of unpaid internships?  Idea Description: Unpaid internships have been controversial for a while, but with so many people unemployed due to the pandemic, the case for unpaid internships is even harder to make.For this project, well look at sentiment on unpaid internships. Do people think theyre fair? Do college students say its the only way for them to get experience to get them a paid job post-graduation? We can weave in the experiences of people whove done unpaid internships before and whether they think they were worth it or not. Did they end their internship more broke than when they started, but then they got a salaried job really fast?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Personal Branding  Idea Description: With more and more people switching industries during the coursed of their career the importance of personal branding takes center stage. So what are workers doing to make a name for themselves outside of their company, and what do those who hire say stands out most in a professional personal brand? Lets explore this idea to see what people are doing, what they need to do more of, and ultimately-- what leads to more promotions, roles and new roles. Further, we can look at how many people are investing their time and money into learning new skills/continuing education outside of what their company provides.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Affording RX Drugs  Idea Description: Even for those with medical insurance, medications, eyeglasses, and dental care can be too expensive. But how many Americans are having difficulty paying for the meds and care they need? Is it just the very poor, or is it people who seem to have a good income? How has this changed over the last 20 years, especially with changes in legislation? Using the National Health Surveys, we can find out a great deal of demographic and health information about people who report not being able to afford meds, eyeglasses, and dental care. Are they older, younger, working multiple jobs to make ends meet? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Overnight Gaming  Idea Description: Using TwitchStrike and TwitchTracker we can show at what time of night the top streamers end up streaming, and how many people are watching at different times (its a 24 hour clock) and combine it with the data on the best times to stream certain games (if were allowed to name drop games or game types) We can use a timezone converter to show how many of the top streamers are targeting audiences in different countries, what time in their own country/timezone theyre loggin on and signing off. We can also supp survey people who regularly stream video games and ask them their usual wakeup and bedtime  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: WFH Health and Wellness  Idea Description: For this campaign, well seek to determine the most effective methods for staying healthy (physically and mentally) while working from home or self-quarantining.What methods are people using to make up for their usual workouts? What are people doing to stay active while working from home? How many people are actually more active because theyre exercising just to get out of the house?What are the best methods for staying mentally well? In terms of productivity/focus, but also emotionally? Are people turning to twitter, slack, etc.. to compensate for human connections while theyre working from home?  <|endoftext|>"
