"Idea Title: Techy jobs across industries  Idea Description: We all know the Tech Industry is experiencing massive growth, but what about the broader demand for tech jobs? With more and more technologies collecting data and making data parseable, opportunities are popping up to apply a tech-skillset across the entire economy.Let 's dive into CPS data to compare Occupations that are tech jobs (analysts and the like) across industries besides the tech industry. What 's the tech job report for agriculture? Retail? What industry is showing the most need for tech skills? We can also incorporate Income data to see how different industries pay for tech skills.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confessions of an Online Dater  Idea Description: How bad is online dating these days? This would be an overall survey on dating experiences, bad stories, and the good ones too. How many women have been harrassed? How does that vary based on what app you use? How much sleep do people lose? How many people has it actually work for? How many people look like their profile picture, and how many people have been disappointed by what htey saw in purpose. How many lie about hobbies or activities? And how many people quit without finding love? What are the worst/weirdest dates people have been on (this would lend to awesome quotes we could give publishers).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Commute Styles Across the Country  Idea Description: **also put in areavibes ideation so correspond w/ Andreas team** Where in the US are people most likely to carpool with one another? Are certain occupations more likely to carpool or drive 1+ hours to the job? Where are people actually filling up all the seats in their cars on the way to the office? Using IPUMS USA data, we can find out the answers to these questions and more about the average Americans commutes to work. We can also use this data set to see who is most likely to cross state or county lines to go to work, and which industries/cities/incomes have the longest and shortest commutes.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Squad Goals  Idea Description: If money were infinite, who would people have in their entourage to improve their personal image? We see many reality stars with their own glam squad: makeup artists, personal trainers, accountability/nutritional coaches, stylists, nail artists, etc - which is the most sought out for our self image? How likely are people to hire someone year round vs. special occasions? What are the best aspects and benefits of hiring people to improve our looks, is it boosted self-esteem and confidence? How do we view others who have hired help instead of going to a regular salon, gym, etc. Are having these exclusive  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Worst Cities For Food Lovers  Idea Description: Some cities have an amazing selection of restaurants and are renowned for their food scene. Others, on the other hand, leave much to be desired. Lets scrape Yelp to see which cities have the lowest restaurant ratings on average or the highest amount of 1-star rated restaurants. We could find worst cities for different types of food. We could also do an analysis of the reviews to see the cities with restaurants with the worst sentiment. This project also could include other places where you buy food (like grocery stores). Which cities can you just not catch a break with getting a good meal??  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Older Generations and Health Fads  Idea Description: Health fads are constantly fading in and out -- keto, CBD products, weight loss tea, activated charcoal, pure barre, ' and so many more. Id love to see what percentage of people 40+ are into these things, stick with them, and experience results in their relationships and personal health. What percent of older people are just as into these fads as younger generations? What are their favorite ones? What kinds of fads are helping them out in the bedroom, whether it certain kinds of workouts that increases their confidence, products that give them extra energy for sex, things like yoni eggs, etc.!  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Confident In Your Smile  Idea Description: Can just the thought of having good teeth lead to some unexpected benefits? I would expect that people who think they have good teeth smile more and those that think they have bad teeth smile less. We could survey people to find out what they think about their teeth and how that impacts various aspects of their life. Are strangers generally friendly to them? How often do first dates go for them or how easy is it for them to get a date? How often are they successful in job interviews? Do people every tell them they are happy people or perhaps sad? Just how important is it to be confident in your smile?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Deadliest Cities to Drive In  Idea Description: Using a targeted list of big cities in America and the number of fatalities caused by car accidents each year, this campaign will find the crash deaths per capita so we can produce rankings and other geo-specific assets that will appeal to publishers. This project will involve pulling in city population data and the 2017 FARS data that was just released. We can factor in seasonality, year-over-year looks as well to see which cities have become more or less dangerous over time. We can also zone in on the top 3 most deadly cities to zoom in on particular streets or areas where car crashes are deadliest.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Elderly Perception of Todays Youth  Idea Description: Younger generations will alway live in the shadow of the generations before them, however what do the elderly community really think of the younger generations? For this campaign lets simply ask Baby Boomers what they think of Millennials and GenX. What is the perception of the ways millennials spend money, go about their relationships or even their perception of the political climateHow many people think that the younger generations are the problem vs generations that will really change the world. How do these perceptions vary with political parties, gender, and even race? Lets find out!!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pet Projects In Tech  Idea Description: So many engineers I know have pet projects. For example, my dad is a telecom engineer, and hes always doing something in our house with the tv/phone/internet system. Lets ask software devs/CS engineers what pet projects theyve taken on and what their current work situation is.is there a correlation between job type, position level, or their job situations and the existence of pet projects?What are the most common pet projects among tech developers/software engineers?what is the top motivation for a pet project? money? learn more? earn more in future? retire early? start a business  <|endoftext|>"
