"Idea Title: I Got a VPN; Now What?  Idea Description: How many people know what VPN stands for and what they do? For this campaign, let 's explore how much Americans know about VPNs and what they use them most for.What percentage of people know how does a VPN works? Do they think it is the same as navigating in incognito mode? What are the main reasons Americans use a VPN? Security? Anonymity? Breaking geo-restrictions? For using public wi-fi? What VPN brands are the most used? ExpressVPN, SurfShark, NordVPN? Where do they regularly use VPN the most? At home? When connected to a public network? Who 's more knowledgeable about VPNs? Let 's find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Emoji Flirting Translations  Idea Description: Joe R/Gus Idea - Emoji meanings arent always black and white, so a smirking face emoji could really mean anything. Does it mean you want to hook up or that youre feeling a little smug? Your crush will have to make that call. Do men mostly use emojis in conversations when talking to girls and not their guy friends? How many Americans actually use emojis to sexually advance their pursuits to whomever is on the receiving end? Which are the most popular emojis by category? Are people more likely to set lunch meetings, subtly make date plans, give compliments, flirt, show interest when using emojis?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Desk Fitness  Idea Description: Along the same vein, New Year, New Me mentality... a lot of people make the resolution to go to the gym or lost weight or get fit. Lets make it easier for the workaholics or those who spend much of their day in one position. Lets speak to our vertical scope health and fitness experts and put together a list of easy to do workouts to get the blood moving and heart pumping happily throughout the day. For example, this can include... no weight stretches or muscle strengthening during your 15. We could even include information about why getting your blood flowing throughout the day is beneficial.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fake It Til You Make It  Idea Description: Weve all heard the phrase, but how many people can tell the difference between an authentic smile and one just for show? For instance, social media tends to be used as a highlight reel for peoples lives, but how many people are guilty of masking their pain with a fake smile? When it comes to social media, how often do people post pictures of themselves (with others or a selfie) and how does that fluctuate across levels of happiness? On another note, how many people find other peoples happiness to be annoying or overwhelming and is this a universal response or is it impacted by their own happiness?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Confessions of an IT Professional  Idea Description: A campaign coming from IT/data professionals would be very authoritative for tech/data writers. Thinking we can ask IT/data professionals what theyve seen/done on the job and really explore their expertise. We can ask the most common mistakes they see people make and how they recommend they fix them. We can also explore whether theyve tapped into/or even seen other peoples personal data and what theyve done with it. Thinking the point of this campaign should be very actionable takeaways coming from experts. We can even ask them about VPN use and their opinion to really tie it back to the client.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Are you Smarter than a 5th Grader?  Idea Description: How much as the American education system failed us? In this campaign, we would take standardized test practice questions from the web, and ask them to adults. From there, we could see where basic knowledge gaps are, how badly regular people performed on basic questions, and generally, would answer the Are you smarter than a 5th grader question. LP could also include an interactive quiz to see how people would do, and we\d supplement with a survey about knowledge gaps, find out how much people loved or hated school, thought it was worth their time, and even find out more about homework attitudes.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Impact of the Pandemic on App Dating  Idea Description: How has the ongoing pandemic affected users of dating apps? Were some users cautious earlier in the pandemic, but now are less cautious despite rising cases?Lets survey to judge how many users are nervous about matching with unvaccinated people, how many think they may have contracted COVID from a match, and how many have felt judged for meeting up with strangers? How many made sure to wear masks on dates? How many think they started getting more/fewer matches as the pandemic began? How many people say that casual dating was an important stress relief or significant stressor during the pandemic?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: My Best Quarantine Purchase  Idea Description: The pandemic has forced all of us into a new way of life, no matter what our personal situation is. In this new normal, our needs have likely changed or evolved. I 've found myself wanting items I never would 've considered buying (hello, little personal shopping cart) and been surprised at how much better they 've made my life.For this campaign, let 's survey people about their discretionary spending during quarantine. What purchases did they find made lockdown life easier? Would they have bought items if the pandemic hadn 't happened? How are they looking at purchasing decisions differently?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Disturbances  Idea Description: What are some crazy things people do while their sleeping, and how does this impact their life? Are you a snorer, a sleep walker, a teeth grinder, and drooler? Do you have full-length conversations during sleep, send a text without any memory of it?! For this study, we can survey people on their sleep habits WHILE theyre sleep. Which instances are the most common? Do they happen more often on certain days? Do their strange habits prevent them from wanting to sleep with their significant other? Do they notice a correlation between their nighttime habits and something they do or dont do before bed?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Diversity of Award Winners v. American Population  Idea Description: Over the last few years, more and more attention has been placed on the fact that the Oscars and Golden Globes over-represent white actors. However, as more light is shed on this, have we made any improvements or strides in terms of how representative our films are compared the actual public? Lets take past nominees and winners of major acting and film awards and compare the percentage of white actors to actors of color. Have we gotten any closer to matching up with the actual demographics of the population of our country? Which award ceremonies come closest? How much further do we have to go?  <|endoftext|>"
