"Idea Title: Coding Best Practices Survey - Tab vs.  Idea Description: There are many debates on specific best practices when it comes to coding. Documentation, tab vs. space, etc. THe goal here would be to find contested best practices opinions, and survey coders about which they use, and which they think is best practice and why. Could be done for just one language (python), or a few. This would be sure to be controversial amongst coders.We would also ask demographic questions, and be able to say things like Coders who do X make Y times more money. Like this: https://stackoverflow.blog/2017/06/15/developers-use-spaces-make-money-use-tabs/ but more in depth.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Time Off and Performance  Idea Description: For this campaign, well explore the benefits and impacts of taking time off, measuring it directly by surveying two or three groups of people based on the amount of time theyve taken off recently (3, 6, or 12 months?) and comparing job satisfaction and performance.Are respondents with a high amount of vacation time happier? Are they more productive? Are they less likely to experience burnout, apathy, etc... at work? Are they more likely to meet deadlines and performance expectations? Do respondents who take plenty of vacation time attribute it to any direct benefits at work, and vice versa?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Influential Financial LeadersBy Generation  Idea Description: Who are Americas most trusted, popular, or entertaining financial role models and authorities?In this simple survey execution, well ask 1,000 active investors who they follow for financial news and advice and why.Well segment results by age, income, and investing experience.How does trust, popularity, and entertainment value vary between Elon Musk, Jim Cramer, Mark Cuban, Warren Buffet, Suze Orman, etc.? Who ranks as most trusted by each generation? How many people can name a single female leader in finance? How have these individuals influenced peoples actual investment strategies?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Road trip or flight?  Idea Description: This study looks to see when people choose to drive to their destination and when people choose to fly. One of the most obvious determinants is likely distance, and we can find the average distance people would choose to fly over drive. Additionally, we can look at if the reason for traveling impacts the decision. How much more likely to drive are people who are moving compared to those who are taking a vacation? Does the duration of the stay impact the decision? Or the public transportation availability of the destination? We could look to see how income or generation also effects this decision.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: ROI of a Game  Idea Description: Stemming from my idea above, lets look at the average ticket prices for each major league and compare them to the average amount of action each sport provides. For example, football games have a clock time of: 3hrs 10mins, but total action time only totals: 11mins, which is 5.79% of the time. At an average price of $110, thats $10 per minute of action. We can do this for every league and see which league is the most expensive per min. of action. Could also break this down by league and do 4 projects that take a city by city look and see which cities are the most expensive per minute of action?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Guns and Weapons in the Workplace  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would explore weapons in the workpalce. With gun mass shooting increasing in the United States, people have suggested a solution of arming people. For example, arming teachers, but how many business are allowing people to carry weapons? How many people carry a weapon to wory? Whats their office policy? do they have secret weapons? Keep a gun in your car? Or is there office super open to weapons, do they have an office gun? (I had one at my job in UT, it was weird.). We would also tie this to how safe people feel at work. Segment by industry, gender, political leaning, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Best Places to Eat Near You  Idea Description: I found a dataset on Kaggle: Zomato Restaurants data that includes variables like: Restaurant ID, Restaurant Name, Country (US is listed as 216 in the data), City, Address, Longitude, Latitude, Types Of Cuisines Served, Average Cost for two, Currency (because it has international data as well), whether table bookings are available, if online delivery is available, price and ratings by customers. We could use this to comprehensively rate restaurant quality by city and give a score for the best places to get a great quality food experience using the metrics listed above. A piece for foodies.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Optimal White Elephant  Idea Description: As everyone knows, the goal of White Elephant is not to have fun but simply to win, even if it means stealing and dealing your way to the top.For this idea, we 'll explore the optimal strategy and game theory of a White Elephant gift exchange.We can build a simple tool to simulate a game of elephant and record moves and outcomes to be analyzed. MTurk users will participate. Respondents will rank the value of gifts, their satisfaction with their final gift, and how successful they were by turn order/number of steals/gifts selected.This would be a two scope ideation per the brief.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Never Too Broke to Drink  Idea Description: Millennials have a bad rap for killing things, but they also inspired a handful of trends and industries around alcohol such as craft beer/cocktails to sunday brunches, so just how important is alcohol to this generation? How much money do they spend on alcohol per week/per day? Where are they doing most of their drinking'Aiat home, restaurant, bar, social gathering, etc.'Aiand why? What about when it comes to friday/saturday night out vs a sunday brunch? Do they prefer beer, liquor, wine, etc.? What about regionally (favorite cocktails/beers, how much they spend per week on alcohol, etc.)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Rage Quit  Idea Description: What game made you so mad that you quit playing? And I mean you gave up on the game entirely. Some people have the ability to push through a game like Dark Souls, whereas some of us do not have the patience. So, lets ask the gaming community whats the hardest game theyve played, and if they beat it or not. Whats the game that the most people have rage quit and never picked back up? Is it Dark Souls? Cuphead? Or is it something older, like the notorious Lion King game? We can also break this down by what console they played it on, to find the hardest game for each player type.  <|endoftext|>"
