"Idea Title: Where does your baby sleep?  Idea Description: Babies throughout the united states spend their sleeping hours in a crib, cot, or bassinet, but how do American parents feel about alternative sleep options for infants? Lets survey parents of infants and toddlers to see how they slept with their child (co sleeping, in the parents bed, in their own room) at a variety of ages and ask them whether they would follow traditional sleep methods for kids around the world (ie Norwegian babies nap outdoors regardless of temperature, Finnish babies sleep in cardboard boxes regardless of income level, babies that sleep on the floor in some countries).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Impact Student Debt Has on our Lives  Idea Description: This is a more personal look at the impact student debt has on peoples live. We will survey 1,000 people (500 with student debt, 500 without) to reveal how it impacts their mental health, physical state (sleep, stress, exhaustion), and relationships (friends, family, partners)Are people with student loans sacrificing time with their friends, family, and single because they are working two jobs and staying in and not spending money?Are they sleeping less, more stressed out, and exhausted working 2-3 jobs? Lets find out how student debt is impacting Americans on this personal level.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Age Vs Qualifications  Idea Description: My eye doctor looks way too young to be an eye doctor, and Ive been to doctors who looked like they needed to retire decades ago.So for this campaign, well explore how people perceive age among various professionals. Which careers are people perceived as being too old or young for? In what professions/fields are various indicators of age/status (gray hair, wedding ring, youthful attire, etc...) a benefit or a hindrance? Are these perceptions unfair or valid (ex: youth and inexperience do go hand in hand, and certain jobs require a steady hand)Also, how does this vary by gender?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Growth of small business  Idea Description: https://advocacy.sba.gov/2019/04/24/2019-small-business-profiles-for-the-states-and-territories/Using this data and going back through all of it through from 2011 through 2019 and look at How many small businesses are in my state?How many jobs do they create?Which industries have the most small businesses and small business jobs?How many establishments opened and closed?How many small businesses export, and how much?Which counties have the most small business employment?it looks like it may be delayed though, so 2019 release for each state looks like it covers 2016 data?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wheres Waldo by Demographic  Idea Description: For this idea, we would have 1000 respondents take an interactive quiz- possibly Wheres Waldo, a classic game where you open a page and try to find a small character among a picture filled with people and scenery. For this idea we would display similar visualization to respondents and time them on how long it takes to find the figure in the image. Do people who wear glasses find the figure faster on average? Do certain demographic respondents take longer than others? This idea would be experimental and a first of its kind using crowdsourced responses and various personal characteristics.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Body Image Issues in The Work Place  Idea Description: (Idea owner: Ryan S./Mel): In this survey, would ask men and woman what parts of their body are they most insecure about at work. We would ask them if they take steps to hide that body part or cover it up.Are they worried it will make people feel different about them? What are the most common body issues by industry? What are the most common body issues by gender? We would also ask people with certain features, for example, large breast if they cover them up b/c they are worried people will focus on it over them. There are variety of angle that can be taken with body image in the workplace.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Howd Your Cuffing Season Go? (Cuffing Season Recap)  Idea Description: For those that don 't know what cuffing season is, it 's basically a period of time (November - February) where single people are on the search for someone so they arent so lonely during the cold weather and the holidays. For this campaign let 's survey singles and see how they did during cuffing season. How many singles actually have successfully cuffed someone. Did it make their holidays more enjoyable compared to those that are single? Let 's find out!!What do men and women look for when it comes to cuffing season? This can be a go to guide when it comes to cuffing season in 2019.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Personality of Public Sleepers  Idea Description: I always wonder to myself when I see people sleeping in public What type of person can just fall asleep in public? In this campaign, we would seek to find out! In this simple survey execution, we would ask a variety of questions about a sleeping in public, whether it be on a plane, in a park, etc and then administer a personality test. Do people who sleep in public have a disposition to worry less? Or do they have trouble sleeping at night? Are they usually more outgoing? Are men more likely to sleep in public than women? I want to know how they are so darn comfortable sleeping in public!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Overslept Through Big Events  Idea Description: Weve all been screwed by the snooze bottom at some point. Especially nowadays that we are apparently always extremely busy and sleep less hours. I mean, life is tough and tiring. From interviews to weddings, or graduation ceremonies, for this campaign, lets ask people about their experiences oversleeping through a big event and what were the causes for oversleeping. It might just be exhaustion, however, it can also be a sign for something related to a sleep disorder.What significant event have you overslept for? And how did it turn out? How do you sleep the night before a big event?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Feeling Safe in Society  Idea Description: Just how safe do Americans feel in different situations and surroundings? Its a simple concept with some strong takeaways 'AiX% of Americans unsafe in Parks. X% of Americans feel more unsafe in a USPS Post Office than they do at the mall. X% of Americans say they feel like their children are unsafe at school. X% of Americans say they feel more safe if someone has a gun (lolz).We could ask a long list of places and spaces to determine a large number of callouts similar to the above along with some juicy breakdowns based on demographic differences (gender, generation, stance, etc..).  <|endoftext|>"
