"Idea Title: What are you paying tuition for?  Idea Description: With a majority of schools across the country going remote, most students have been forced to enjoy their college experience from home. A large part of the college experience is physically being present on campus. To top it all off, most universities haven 't reduced their tuition. This begs the question: what are college students paying their tuition for? Is it worth it still (Breakdown by industry, year of study)? Do they feel they could replace this learning with free online resources? If tuition has decreased, by how much? Is the decreased amount justifiable, too little, or too much?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Repitch: Bed Makers vs. Non Bed Makers  Idea Description: Originally posted by Lilly Meyers last time:There are two types of people: bed makers vs non bed makers, but what does this one habit say about your personality? What are the most common habits (reading, watching cartoons, talking to a friend, etc.) before going to sleep/ waking up for each? Let 's look at each groups\ bed-time vs morning routines and then compare to income, perceived happiness, success and productivity at work, as well as positions they work in.Let 's also add a question of how they perceive the other group to be (e.g. what bed-makers think about non-bed-makers).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When You Should Be Sleeping  Idea Description: Some people stay up late to watch Netflix or browse the internet, but some people feel the need to work or do chores because thats the only time they feel they have to get everything done. Lets survey Americans to find out who is spending their night hours doing work? Are they doing it because they are overloaded at work? How many days out of the year do they estimate they have to do this? Is this mostly house work or personal issues or actual work tasks? Do they feel like they are getting ahead working at night? Who does this affect most? How do they rate their sleep during these times.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Working Your Way Out of Debt  Idea Description: Most people have debt but how do people try to work themselves out of debt - do they give up more on their living situation? Do they eat differently - cheaper, at home more often, etc.? Do they throw any extra income (include tax refunds) into their debt rather than splurging? Do they give up some of their favorite things to get closer to being debt-free? Rely on loans to help manage the debt? This project would aim to explore the ways in which we try to get debt-free. How does it vary by gender or generation/age group? What of lifes luxuries are prioritized for different types of people?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Favorite holiday movies by decade  Idea Description: This campaign would be fairly straightforward and relatively low-hanging fruit, but would be impactful and have a huge nostalgia hook. We would look, by generation, at the top holiday movies, and find out through a simple survey what people like the most, what people see as most rewatchable, and can even bring in outside ratings (RT, metacritic, whatever) to find out what the fan favorites for holiday movies are, by decade. Do MIllennials love elf? Does anyone actualy like a Christmas story? Or do we just put up with it? This would be a fun IG about holiday movies, and rank them by decade  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hitting Those (Exercise) Goals  Idea Description: Using the subreddit r/progress pics, we would see how genders are hitting their fitness goals over time. Each post has a specific format for the title (which is gender/age/height and [start weight > current weight] and how much time it took to get there), so we would just need to scrape titles and clean the data. We could learn whats the average amount of weight lost by each gender, height, time it took to do it. We could also scrape either the post itself of the comments on the post for keywords (that are usually supportive) to add a really nice heartwarming element to the whole piece.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Home fan advantage  Idea Description: ORIGINALLY WRITTEN FOR AREAVIBES BUT WE ENDED UP GIVING THEM A HIREAHELPER PROJECT INSTEAD In what cities is there the greatest home field advantage, across all sports? Do Boston fans help their teams win the most? Of course, some teams have been better than others, so well compare a teams Away winning % vs. their home winning %. The biggest gap between away and home should show us the teams who have the biggest home field advantage. We do that across NFL, NBA, MLb, and NHL, then create a ranking based on those for each city, showing what cities fans help them win the most.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Video Game Remakes  Idea Description: How often do you think I wish I hadnt given away my old console or games, so that you could replay and reexperience your childhood favorites? Or whose parents did not allow them to play certain games when they were younger, and now they have missed their chance?Which video games do people want to see remade, and for which console? Older Legend of Zelda games, the original Super Mario games, or something completely different? Would people buy a new console to replay these games? Would they want to share them with their kids? Or do people want new content and would not buy any remakes?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: COVID Sleepy Shoppers  Idea Description: Lets reboot https://eachnight.com/sleep/sleepy-shoppers-what-1000-people-reveal-about-their-late-night-purchase-habits/ with a strong COVID focus. How many people are using online shopping to cope with the past year? What percentage of these folks are using retail therapy to knock out? Is late-night spending on the rise since the pandemic began? What are people purchasing past midnight? Does spending money at night wreak havoc on your sleep? How does staying up late shopping affect work performance? How much money are certain demos spending from their bed either at night or as they rise?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Teen Angels  Idea Description: Eileen Daspin titled her entry in TIME 's family issue Teen Angels where she outlines that drug use, risky sexual behavior, and drinking have decreased among Gen Z. Instead, today 's teens are putting off risks and delaying adulthood - can 't blame \em. Let 's survey those who are 18+ and find out why they\re drinking less. Are they seeing less drinking from family members? What are their favorite TV shows portraying? Are they smoking more pot? Are they staying closer to home for college? What are their pastimes? Do they have this idea that drinking is uncool? Do opioids scare them?  <|endoftext|>"
