"Idea Title: Where are your kids?  Idea Description: In the age of helicopter parenting, sitting on a park bench as your kids play in the park may seem negligent to some parents. Leaving them in the car? You should be wary of people calling the cops. Lets survey general population and parents to see what the sentiment is on level of parental guidance for X situations, from physically knowing where they are, watching them, and monitoring their use of the internet. Which parents are 100% on top of everything? Which arent and feel fine about it? Generally, what do people deem safe or negligent, and which age group or gender feels this way?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bedroom Distractions  Idea Description: Im not entirely sure this hasnt been done yet, but for this campaign lets look at what people have in their bedrooms/how theyve decorated and how much sleep theyre getting. I would like to take more of a home angle with this.How many people are using their bedroom as a multipurpose room? What colors have they used on the walls/decor? Do they have posters/art on the walls? How is the lighting/natural light? Is there clutter in their bedroom, or is everything neat and tidy? How much money would people be willing to spend to remodel their bedroom and make it their sleep sanctuary?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Online Banking  Idea Description: Ryans recent password campaign let us know that people reuse simple passwords across many apps, including their banking app. Lets dig in here further about our security with digital money apps and the transfer of funds or savings. How many people have checked their bank account on public wifi? How frequently do they change their passwords for this specific app? How many people have wired money to the wrong person (my roommate did it once with her half of rent!)? Even with saving your credit card on your computer for online shopping? What are some of the no-nos or hiccups there?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Apps, Convenience, and Health  Idea Description: Today we have so many apps to make our busy lives easier, but is the convenience detrimental to our health?Lets survey people about the number of apps they have and use for grocery delivery, takeout delivery, ridesharing, social media, dog walking, etc. We can also look at the number of apps in general - is this creating more opportunity for distraction from fitness? Then we can also ask them their general activity rates, fitness level, nutrition, etc. Are apps making us lazier? Or are they freeing up time for us to workout??Which apps are the worst for making us lazy??  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Angering Acts on the Road  Idea Description: What driving act, whether it be of aggression or laziness, do you absolutely hate? Between lack of turn signals, speeding up as someone is trying to change lanes, speeding, tailgating, texting and driving, older drivers or teenage drivers, we all have opinions on whats annoying, and what is dangerous. What types of behaviors would make you call the cops? Lets survey people on the driving behaviors they consider the most threatening, as well as categorizations of other acts. How do women and men, or drivers of different ages see things differently? What about small car vs truck owners?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What makes a trip family friendly?  Idea Description: Surveying parents, lets find out what qualities they need to see for a vacation with their kids. And then also by the age range for their kids: so For kids 0-3 years old the best vacations include X activities,for kids 12-15 its this.The hardest part about traveling with kids is XThe ideal length to travel with kids is y daysThis could serve as an informative piece for parents on things to consider when planning their family travels. It is a bit of an evergreen piece, but we can include some questions about missing school and what not since its just about back to school time.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Data Privacy: Cause and Effect  Idea Description: In this campaign, we can do a deep dive into different experiences people have faced with their data being compromised. Which type of information was compromised (crypto wallet, bank account, social media account, etc.)? Which devices that they own lead to the data being compromised? What did these experiences change in how people secure their devices? How did people secure their devices before? I think it could be cool to have some type of viz that shows: x% of people who used VPNs had their computer get hacked, and y% of those people added antivirus software to prevent future hacking.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Life of Travel Influencers  Idea Description: Most people would ideally like to travel outside of the country frequently each year but sometimes its non-achievable because of work status, income and savings account. How are people saving their money to vacation like a travel influencer? For those that are how did they get started? How many people are seeking odd jobs, teaching abroad, snagging free flights with credit card rewards, auto-saving a % of their paycheck, applied for work visas, found remote work, looking for work when abroad, sticking to a budget or adapting/diversifying their own income by finding new opportunities.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Credit Card Persona  Idea Description: For several months during my first year at UF, I lived with this guy who always had between 15 and 18 credit cards in his wallet at any given time. He blogged for a credit card hacking site, tipping people off to how you can take advantage of the companies behind them. He was also a dick. For this campaign, lets examine the personality types of people with differing numbers of credit cards. Are people who have 6-9 credit cards more outgoing and extroverted than people who have 1-3? Are people with 1-3 cards happier in their relationships and friendships than those who have 10-13?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Classics, Compared  Idea Description: For this idea we would take a number of classics, from books to movies, to tv shows and survey people who are self described fans on which version if their favorite? Which batman do people think were the best? Have younger generations even seen Michael Keaton batman? For this idea we would come up with a number of classic comparisons and look at survey responses + actual ratings for movies. If we could we could also compare ratings and do a text analysis for each, to determine if people had more love for the older or newer. How many people are upset that the re-make was even created?  <|endoftext|>"
