"Idea Title: Car Mentions in Music  Idea Description: For this project, let 's scrape song lyrics from genius.com to determine which genres have the most mentions of cars in their music. Let 's leverage QDA Miner, OpenRefine, and other text analyzers to identify the which music genres the most car mentions in their songs. Are rap artists more likely than country artists to sing about their beloved vehicles? Which artists/bands are mentioning cars the most? Are rappers mentioning highly expensive cars in their bars? How does cost compare against rock and country lyrics? How long does the average car song chart on the billboards hot 100?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Vehicle Theft and Break-ins in Major U.S. Cities  Idea Description: Using Open Data portals for major cities in the U.S., lets quantify the number of vehicle thefts and break-ins happening across the country right now, especially focusing on cities that have made headlines recently such as SF, which has experienced a 700% increase in car break-ins this year. Focusing on the cities where theft and break-ins are the worst, well map the crimes by neighborhood to find hot spots and create hyper local maps to spread awareness. By looking at the day of the week and time of the day, well also be able to pinpoint the days with the most breakins on average.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Substance and Sleep  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets take a look at the different substances people use to fall asleep, as well as the different substances that make it harder to fall asleep. There are really two parts that determine the effectiveness of a substance for sleep: how easy is it to fall asleep and how easy it is to wake up. How effective is melatonin? How effective is CBD? How effective is THC? We can cross examine these different methods to sleep by generation and gender. Are these substances essential for users to fall asleep? What are peoples perceptions of the different sleep-related substances?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Junk in Your Trunk  Idea Description: *REPITCH*If youre anything like me, the trunk of your car becomes an unintended dumping ground for random stuff -- the bag of clothes I plan to (eventually, maybe) drop at Good Will, clothes that were left after a special event, random sports gear, straight-up trash, etc. For this lighthearted project, lets survey people about the junk in their trunk. How many people say their trunk is pristine? Are woman really more likely than men to have a messy car trunk? What are the most common items people have in there? How long has stuff been there? Any science experiments growing?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Different Falling Asleep Habits  Idea Description: This campaign would look into the different habits people have tried using, both successfully or unsuccessfully, in order to fall asleep. Does putting your phone in a different room work? Is sleeping in complete darkness more effective? Does certain types of noise help fall asleep? We can even look at most effective ways of waking up. I think a lot can be looked at here when comparing generationally. How much harder is it for GenZ to fall asleep than Baby Boomers? We can analyze which groups have had more sleeping issues and assess which strategies work better for that group, as well.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Misunderstood  Idea Description: With the incredible growth and development of technology within the past two decades, it 's virtually unavoidable. However, some have difficulty keeping up with the times. Lets compile the most common search terms regarding technology/data over a 20 year period, and examine what innovations people have been historically confused about. We can analyze sentiment and also call out when people have been completely (and hilariously) wrong e.g. Everyone 's always asking me when Apple will come out with a cell phone. My answer is, \Probably never.\ 'Ai David Pogue, The New York Times.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Bad is Blue Light  Idea Description: Blue light is awful for your eyes and its a condition thats becoming more and more prominent. Its also seen as a largely millennial issue though many techs/lenswear are trying to combat it (apple with night mode, computer glasses and prescriptions with anti-blue light lenses) but what exactly is it? How much screen time would have to happen for effects to be felt (could contrast that with average screen time of people) Could also include survey on public perceptions of blue light, how worried they are, whether theyd wear precautionary gear or if theyd reduce screen time etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Company Respond Time on Social Media  Idea Description: Social media has become a fast track lane to getting a response from a company when there is an issue or complaint. But just how long on average does it take for a company to respond? For this project, we would scrape Twitter for tweet  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Retirement criteria/sentiment by generation  Idea Description: Theres been a lot of coverage in recent years regarding people having to delay retirement and stay in the workforce longer, and/or that most millennials dont think itll ever be feasible.If we conducted a generational survey to gather sentiment on retirement, what might we find?At what age would each generation like to retire (if ever), on average?How much money do they think they need to have saved for their retirement plans?How many people are actively contributing to a 401k or IRA?What is each generations top critieria for what theyd like out of retirement?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Whos the Handyman?  Idea Description: In this DIY world its more than likely a professional has been called in to pick up the pieces but when that happens who do you turn to? Do you ask your friends for recommendations? Have one youve known for years? Turn to your family? Use a web service? What are the demographics of the handymans enlisted? Are they always middle aged males? How many people try to DIY a problem first before calling someone in v. always calling the handyman for help? How often do people wish they enlisted services v. how often they actually do? Are family men enlisting help more than single women?  <|endoftext|>
