"Idea Title: Fears of DNA databases  Idea Description: When talking about DNA testing, its hard to get away from the other part of the conversation, the security of your biodata. How fearful are we about the implications of having our DNA stored somewhere in a private facility? Worse yet, what are our fears for how this DNA may be used? How do these fears keep us back from testing for genetic diseases? What do we deem are ethical and nonethical uses of the data? How do people feel about collecting DNA data for the cause of finding markers for certain cancers and diseases? What are we willing to give up in privacy for the greater good?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Graduating From the Job Interview  Idea Description: College degrees are now less necessary than they were for previous generations. Other than medical/health, which industries are most likely to pass up a interviewee because of their lack of a college degree? What about most likely to hire a prospect without a college degree? Does this vary across genders/generations of the hiring managers? How do internships and alternative educations (GED, certificates, etc) stack up for credibility on a resume? How do salary offers vary from applicants with college degrees to those without'Aiwhich industries have the biggest/ smallest pay gaps?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dirty Bed Behaviors  Idea Description: Based on the success of a campaign called Bed Hygiene, lets explore gross bed behaviors in regards to sex. Well explore questions regarding hygiene post sex as well as the following: how gross are beds after sex? How many people have sexual fluids on their bed right now? How long have they been there? Are married couples more likely to sleep in unwashed sheets after sex than singles? Is a gross bed a dealbreaker for sex? Well look at sexual behaviors and habits, and see how it affects the cleanliness of a bed. Well segment our findings by men and women and relationship status.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are You Too Nice to be Financially Successful?  Idea Description: Stumbled upon this article (https://www.forbes.com/sites/alicegwalton/2018/10/11/do-nice-people-fare-worse-financially/) in a Google search. Theres always this talk that CEOs and the stereotypical financially successful person have some seriously dark personality traits, some could even be considered sociopaths. So, do nice guys truly finish last when it comes to personal finance? Lets survey 1,000+ people to gauge which personality traits they exhibit and compare it to their current financial situation. Does being nice truly pay off, or are you just hurting yourself in the end?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Diversity in Music  Idea Description: I listen to a ton of heavy metal, and the majority of the bands are comprised of white dudes. Its not surprising when looking at different genres, but I think it would be interesting to examine further to reveal the exact percentages, and potential trends weve seen. Lets examine the top billboard artists over the past X number of years and reveal which genres have the most diversity in terms of gender (LBGTQ included) and race/ethnicity. In examining the past X years, we can reveal how diverse some genres have become and how they might continue to develop in the future.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions vs. Reality Crime Rate  Idea Description: Using a variety of statistics on Home safety and crime rates lets find out how much people dont realize about crimes.Really, we are safer than many of us feel, whether it be at home or out on the streets. In this survey we will gather stats on crime rates nationally and see what Americans know.This will be a quiz Include elements of home tech that they think have made homes safer or less safer. DO people think that DIY security has shaped their perception? For people who think things are getting worse, what do they think could help (even though they would be wrong)?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Driving fast or slow?  Idea Description: Do people consider themselves speed demons or slower drivers?which lane do they drive in most on the highway?whats the fastest they have ever driven their car? what kind of car was it?how mny people have tried to race? do their 0-60?Have they ever been caught? how far over speedlimit were they ging?do people feel more free when they drive fast?This will give writers a lot of different headlines to workwith...but most of them will end up circling back to driver safetyx% of millennials admit the fastest theyve driven their car on a public road was over 100mph  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: A Day in the Life of a Personal Shopper  Idea Description: In April, there was a surge in demand for personal shoppers through services like Postmates and Instacart. What does a day in the life of these personal shoppers look like?This campaign would tell stories and present facts & figures about the lives of personal shoppers during the COVID-19 pandemic. What is it like to spend most of your workday in grocery stores? What are some absolutely wild orders youve had to fill? How do you feel about the business practices of your employer? Are returns taken out of your paycheck? How have you gone above and beyond to get a 5-star rating?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Read Receipt  Idea Description: The read receipt is a simple setting on iPhones with amazing capacity to wreck relationships. But who are the people who turn this setting on?? Are they more successful and responsible - more satisfied with their friendships and love lives? What are their reasons for turning it on? For people who are dating, how stressed/anxious do they feel by analyzing WHY on earth your date has left you on read? Do people like knowing if their texts have been seen - and not replied to? We can also look into response times for texts. Whats an appropriate window of time to leave people hanging?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Creative Budgeting Methods  Idea Description: Some people have a bit more money than they think they have - its just a matter of budgeting it more creatively. Lets survey people to find out the most creative budget tactics they have tried - a spending freeze (A la No spend november)? Using the cash envelope system? Keep a money journal? Or join in a team challenge? For those who have tried different challenges, about how much cash did they save? How many seem ridiculous but actually saved people hundreds? for those who havent done any, which types of money saving/budgeting strategies would people be most willing to try?  <|endoftext|>"
