Idea Title: Best Place to be a Digital Nomad  Idea Description: I also pitched this for Travel Chapter once and it scored well... Where in the world are digital nomads making the most money? Where are they putting in the least hours and enjoying their travels most? Let 's survey people who are working independently outside of their home country/traveling the US. How many hours per day and week do they work? How much do they make - and what are their monthly expenses by comparison. What industry do most work in - and are there any patterns by region? We could definitely focus in on the UAE and include all expats instead of digital workers.  <|endoftext|>
Idea Title: Did You Eat My Sandwich?  Idea Description: Remember the episode of Friends where Ross gets suspended from work for threatening a co-worker because they ate his sandwich? Lets survey employees to see what they are and arent taking from coworkers. Is it okay to use someones salad dressing but over the line to take that bag of chips thats been sitting on the counter for a month? Do you periodically use a co-workers specialty coffee creamer or blatantly take their food that is clearly for lunch today? We can ask people to rate these behaviors to see what is the worst and what they would do if they were caught in the act.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: What Would You Give for More Time...  Idea Description: What would you give for a nap in the middle of the day at work? What about an extra day in the weekend? How about an extra year of life, or another chance at being in your 20 's? For this idea we would create a what would you do for style campaign where we explore what 1,000 respondents would do for more of things related to relaxation, sleep, life, and more... How long above the average lifespan do participants from different work industries want to live into the future? How does this change their choices for what they would do or give up for extended life, sleep, and more?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Would You Do If X Happened?  Idea Description: For this campaign, wed see how people would react to various life-threatening scenarios.There are a lot of directions this could go, from common (how would you react to a home invasion, burglary, etc..) to catastrophic (how would you react to a natural disaster, mass shooting, etc..) to funny (How would you react to the zombie apocalypse)Some potential topics we could explore:-- what percentage of people have a plan or are prepared for various types of events (Im sure this has been done for hurricanes and disasters, but there are plenty of other things to consider) -  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Seniors Sex Habits  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 seniors to explore how sex habits change after a life well-lived. How frequently are Americas elders having sex? What percentage of seniors still use protection? What are their preferred positions? How many listen to music while getting it on? Are most seniors in a monogamous relationship or are they open to polyamory? At what age was their last STI test? How many have been injured while having sex? Whatre the weirdest places around the home where theyve had sex (perhaps the stairs)? Does having more sex in old age lead to a more enjoyable life?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Solo Travel: pros and cons  Idea Description: Ive always loved traveling Solo, but not everyone feels this way. So for this campaign lets look at why people like to travel solo, what types of locationsdo they think are BETTER for solo travel. What activities do they like to do?Like Im not sure Id solo travel to a cabin in the woods, but i would solo travel to a city or small town. I wouldnt roadtrip alone but I would fly or take a train etc.this would look at how people approach solo travel and then we can incorporate summary data from VR on the rise in searches for just 1 bedroom or 1 guest over the last year or so.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What is your career plan, really, though?  Idea Description: It seems typical that the story of how someone 's career progresses is a rollercoaster: from what they thought they\d be when they grow up, to what they choose to study in college, to the job the end up landing, and the promotions they earn along the way.In a survey of Gen Zers looking to the workforce, we can ask about the career they are imagining for themselves and what job titles they might wear one day. Combined with a scrape of actual Job Titles from job postings around the web (LinkedIn API maybe?) we can show how limited the scope of awareness is for young people.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tax Refund Season  Idea Description: The average tax refund is $2,864. How much of your tax refund is going into paying off credit card debt, building an emergency fund, investing for retirement, paying off mortgage/loans, taking care of car/home, and treating yourself. How many people are utilizing their tax refund to improve their financial future vs. those splurging on a shopping spree/vacation? How does the spending differentiate by race, personal annual income and age/generation? How does the spending vary by personal debt? Are people who have multiple debts/loans more likely to spend their refund frivolously?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: From Nothing to Something  Idea Description: The moment you find your new apartment or home, you have to do something to make your place feel more homey. There are so many unexpected costs of getting a new place and I feel that the majority of people underestimate how much money it takes to actually furnish an apartment or home. For this campaign lets simply ask people how much money they spent on furnishing their place and see how different furnishing a house or apartment is. How long does it take to fully furnish a house/apartment? How many people get an insurance policy on the things they furnished their house with?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Moving Abroad  Idea Description: Everyone at some point has made the joke If X happens I'm moving to Canada, so how many have genuinely considered this? What are some of the circumstances that provoke Americans to consider moving abroad-- Easier retirement, better healthcare, educational or professional opportunities, family abroad? What are some of the things holding them back-- The expected cost, family and friends, feeling unsafe in unfamiliar locations? Would people be interested in relocating to another industrialized country similar to the US or somewhere not as industrialized/a developing nation?  <|endoftext|>"
