"Idea Title: Analysis of Solo Wanderers  Idea Description: Let 's scrape r/solotravel to identify the top destinations mentioned by the 770k+ subscribers. First, let 's use subredditstats.com to see how the subreddit has flourished over the past 5 years. How has interest in solo travel increased? In addition to finding the top destinations mentioned we can discover the most frequently asked questions, and finish fill-in-the-blank style queries like Where to stay in _____. Finally, to tie this back to the brand, we 'll create an asset focused on UK locations, specifically where Premier Inn are based to encourage bookings via searches.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Carbon footprint of various CRYPTO Coins  Idea Description: The reality is the thing, the amount of energy it takes to mine bitcoins as well as buy sell or trade them takes a lot of computational power. Most people don 't understand why crypto mining would need so much power. They believe anything already available electronically should be power minimal. Crypto mining, however, is so power-intensive. It involves the proof of work system in extraction and verification. Several miners work at the same time to verify transactions. -www.interactivecrypto.comIs the carbon footprint different for each coin? If so what is the impact?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Embracing Digital Transformation  Idea Description: Digital transformation is integrating digital technology into all areas of a business. This leads to significant variations in how a company operates and the value they deliver to their customers. For this campaign, lets explore how much better (or worse) companies do after a digital transformation? Furthermore, lets explore how much better (or worse) the customer experience gets after it. How many business owners can say that business has increased once they transformed to digital? How long it took them to get more profitable? Which industries reported the best outcomes?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Parenting, Sports and Extracurricular Activities  Idea Description: Did you play soccer when you were a kid? Baseball? Karate? Something differently... Did your parents coach, or were they active on the side of the field? Or did they just drop you off at the field? Is there a point when your back-seat-coaching has gone a little too far? For this idea we would survey parents on the dos, donts, and their own parenting habits when it comes to their childs activities. Do parents that played sports or physical activities typically have children who partake in the same sports? For this idea we would explore an array of topics related to parenting.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cities With the Healthiest Pedestrian-Automobile Relationships  Idea Description: Some pedestrians act like they own the streets, running into the streets with zero cares in the world. Lets look into pedestrian culture in various American cities. Well survey people on their driving/pedestrian habits in major cities and look for dissonance between how cities perceive their pedestrians when theyre behind the wheel versus strutting on the sidewalks. We can compare our findings to pedestrian deaths by automobile in these areas to see if there are any relationships between how strongly drivers in the area feel walkers have the right of way & pedestrian deaths.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Current Recall Knowledge  Idea Description: How many people know there is a current recall on the cat theyre driving, right now, on the road? For this idea we would gather the top companies with recent recalls in 2018-2019 and gather about 100 survey participants for each make/model. We would then survey them on if they know there is a recall related to their car, if they are driving it, how long it took for them to find out, and more... The goal would be to determine #1. public knowledge of recalls, #2. perceptions of brands after recalls, #3. how many cars are on the road that have recalls (and the owner is unaware).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: 40 Years of Spending in America  Idea Description: For this idea we would tap into the BLS and look into the average American spending over the last 3-4 decades. To do this wed look at the average 5 of income spent on different categories similar to this piece we worked on years ago:https://www.creditrepair.com/blog/finance/america-earning-history/ Wed dig deeper and look at the disparity between the average earner, look at which year Americans were spending the most on different segments of spending (entertainment, housing, etc...) and expand on any interesting insights we might find when digging through this data.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cities With the Largest Population of Minority Business Owners  Idea Description: Using the IPUMS Current Population Survey, let 's explore the cities, states, and occupations with the largest population of self-employed minority workers.If we can confirm that the classification Self-employed, incorporated is the same as a business owner, then we can also determine the regions with the most minority business owners.This data is released monthly up to June 2020 at the time of today 's ideation.Along with this data, we can also determine rates of health insurance, unemployment, job-seeking, salary, sick days, maternity status, age, and much more.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: People That Never Learn Their Lesson  Idea Description: We all have a friend or know someone that has an issue with substance abuse. Sometimes people cross the line and get a DUI, overdose, and many other things that should give them a reality check. However, some people relapse and return to their old habits. For this campaign let 's see how many people have a friend or know someone that hasn 't learned their lesson. What did they do and how often do they continue their bad habit. Basically we can determine on average how many reality checks it takes for someone to rid their bad habits for good based on various substances.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How do Millennials Invest  Idea Description: I am fairly on-brand as a Millennial investor. I use the RobinHood app, listen to Jim Cramer, and was late to the party on the Marijuana ETFs. I also go back and forth with Tesla, and (Try to) only invest with things I know about. Lets see if we can quantify this, and ask how Millennials are investing into the stock market. How many are doing it, how many invest in companies that they are unfamiliar with? How many have invested in Tesla - how many transactions do they make a month etc? How many use apps like RobinHood, and are their decision making processes much riskier?  <|endoftext|>"
