"Idea Title: Prison Break  Idea Description: Many TV shows and movies feature a prison-escape plot. Its entertaining in stories, but in real life, it can be a nightmare. For instance Ted Bundy escaped prison TWICE and went back to his deadly habits. In real life, how often do prison escapes happen? Is it more common as prisons are looking out for more and more prisoners? Or is technology making prisons more secure. What states have the worst record for prison escapes and missing persons (ie due to work release)? How has this changed over time? Just a brief look shows that the rates have really gone down since 1980s!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Illegal Activities and Neighbors  Idea Description: People bend rules all the time - what are the most common offences that are committed for those who live in apartments? How often do people witness others smoking or drinking in the stairwell. smoking weed? Do you engage in risky stuff live overloading electrical sockets? How concerned are you about the risky behaviors of neighbors? What sorts of things have you done to enforce community rules? Called the cops on someone? Had them called on you? If they went to the Capitol rally, would you rat them out? How does your relationship with your neighbors impact all of the above?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Health care access, weight and other health factors  Idea Description: Using BRFSS data, lets look at health care access across the United states as well as whether or not lack of access contributes to weight problems and poorer physical health. Where is poor access most prevalent? Do weight problems contribute to worse mental health? How does the cost of health care contribute to reticence to see a doctor, forgoing health care and higher prevalence of health problems? BRFSS data has state-level and demographic level data, so we can look at gender, age group as well as which states have the most people at risk due to poor health care access.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Computer Software/Dev Employees BLS Data  Idea Description: Lets look at the Occupational Employment Survey from the BLS to get employment info on Computer Software employees and Developers. Computer Occupations listed: Computer and Information Research Scientists Computer and Information Analysts Computer Systems Analysts Information Security Analysts Software Developers and Programmers Computer Programmers Software Developers, Applications Software Developers, Systems Software Web DevelopersWe could also pair this with a supplemental survey to get a more in-depth look at computer engineers and developers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Disorder Remedies  Idea Description: For those who are plagued with sleep disorders, trying to achieve a high quality and quantity of sleep can seem like an endless road. There are so many things to try, and it seems that each panacea is underwhelming and makes the journey to good sleep even longer. Let survey 1,000 people with various sleep disorders about what has worked best for them, what has worked the worst, the misconceptions people have about those who have sleep disorders, what they want people to know, the craziest things theyve tried, and what they would give up to have normal sleeping habits.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cities With the Most Prevalent Instances of Health Outcomes  Idea Description: A little under a year ago the CDC, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, and the CDC Foundation teamed up to release a new data report they called the 500 Cities: Local Data for Better Health project. They examined the 500 largest cities in America for city- and census tract-level small area estimates for chronic disease rick factors, health outcomes and clinical preventative service use. Let 's use visualize this data to see which cities are the best when it comes to preventative measures for chronic diseases. Or which are the worst when it comes to their risk factors.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hosting Girls Night/Guys Night  Idea Description: Im part of a supper club where we meet up monthly and have dinner cooked by whoever is the host--are people still doing these sorts of things? We can take a look at how girls nights are different than guys nights in terms of activities, how frequently they have them first how many people feel like they need them, etc. I think we could get some really interesting gender breakdowns in what each are doing and how frequently they feel like they need them to keep their sanity (also we can tie it back to the home by asking how many people are hosting these events in their homes)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Salty Waitress Confessions  Idea Description: Weve all suspected it before but how many food industry workers have subconsciously tampered with food? But most importantly, what led them to giving you the wrong items, no sauce, cold temperatures, etc. Lets explore the psychology behind a rude patron: social dominance, power trip or are they just flat out impolite? What are the etiquette rules we should live by at each type of food establishment (knowing your order ahead of time, not sending the food back multiple times, do not expect free stuff, do not over-customize or order off-menu during rush hour) to name a few.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Driving While Loud  Idea Description: Reality vs. Expert Danger Zone. Most of us listen to music in our cars and some of us like to listen to music at car vibrating decibels. With expert help, lets create some sort of chart where we detail how loud the music we listen to is and what decibel is the danger zone - the level experts dont recommend listening to music when in the car. For example, a chart where 10 decibels means you cant honking behind you. Etc... Thinking we can model the graph similar to this self-driving playing god chart: https://www.trustedreviews.com/news/self-driving-cars-life-death-3640133  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleepovers  Idea Description: Some parents dont let their children sleepover other families homes while other basically throw their children on other peoples doorsteps every weekend in hopes of achieving a night of peace and quiet. Lets explore perceptions of sleepovers. What factors relate to whether a parent allows their children to spend nights away from home? What types of things do people report that they did at sleepovers when they were younger, and how do these things change between demographics. We can use this information to examine how childhood sleepovers have been evolving over time.  <|endoftext|>"
