"Idea Title: Being an Easy Target  Idea Description: Its devastating to find out that someone robbed your house and invaded your space. But were there aspects about your home that made it an easy target for a thief? Lets survey Americans about the features of their homes that may make them more likely to be the victim of a robbery: do they have doggy doors? Do they leave the garage (or main doors) unlocked? Do they make provisions when theyre on vacation (ie lights, leaving a car in driveway)? Do they put an alarm sign in the yard? Which of these things help people feel safest? How many Americans are actually easy targets?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Well Do You Understand Your Employment Contract?  Idea Description: When youre hired to a new job, theres lots to be excited about. Someone wants you! They want to pay you money! They think youre swell! Amidst that excitement, theres a lot of new-hire paperwork to complete and employee information to read concerning policies, NDAs, 401k options, stock options, equity, etc. -- a lot of which the average person (especially younger generations) struggle to wrap his/her head around. For this campaign, lets survey people on their knowledge of workplace policies and benefits. What percentage of people cant understand stock options?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Food access  Idea Description: The USDA tracks food access by by income and distance to the nearest grocery store. We can doa deep dive into what this looks like in urban/rural spaces, by race and gender, and compare it to groups who are more at risk of obesity and other related diseases.In order to add a unique twist to this, we could launch a survey to get peoples thoughts about their access to healthy foods. What is the nearest place to by food? Are they aware of what kinds of nutritious options are available? Does being near a healthy grocery store make them more likely to cook healthier food?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When Your Supervisor is Your Friend  Idea Description: Relationships between supervisors and supervisees at work can often be delicate, even when the pairs get along well or are even good friends. Well conduct a survey to see how many people have experienced being on either side of a work friendship where one friend was promoted to supervise the other.How many people have been promoted at work and suddenly become their friends supervisor? How many people have been the friend in this situation? Did it cause problems in the friendship or in the work relationship? Did the supervisor let things slide that they shouldnt have?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is the Rent Really Too Damn High?  Idea Description: The American Housing Survey has really granular data on Delinquent Payments and Notices for over 30 urban areas - using this data and combining it with median rent costs in those cities, as well as average income from those cities, let calculate the cities where youre most/least at risk for not making rent, losing your utilities, etc. This would basically mean we figure out how close median salary and cost of rental come to each other, and whether those with the biggest discrepancies in those two have higher scores for things like utility and rent delinquency.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep When Youre Dead vs I Need My Sleep  Idea Description: I think there are two type of sleepers in the world. 1. Those that would rather Sleep when they\re dead 2. Those that always need quality sleep. For this project let 's see how these two lifestyles differ in terms of career choices, life satisfaction, social lives, health, etc. Do these different midstates produce different results? Do people that sleep when your dead have a higher life satisfaction than those that need their sleep? Do people that need their sleep take less risks/do more activities than those that will sleep when their dead? Let 's find out!!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Free College  Idea Description: With the skyrocketing cost of a college education and massive college debt issue in America, more states are making some colleges free. However, some of these free colleges dont offer room and board, so obviously that creates a different experience altogether. Using a survey, lets see how students feel about free college, including the perceptions of quality of education, the campus experience, and the perceived value vs traditional, on-campus experiences. How many students who are currently accumulating college debt would attend a free institution in-state instead?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Women of Cryptocurrency  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 women on their perceptions and investments in blockchain. What percentage of women have investment in cryptocurrency? Which coins are popular amongst women investors? How much have they invested, on average? What 's their general outlook of crypto? Opinions on crypto being cited as male dominant? Additionally, for women who haven 't invested in crypto we can ask questions such as: What are the chances of you investing in cryptos within the next 6-12 months? What percentage has a desire to invest? General perceptions surrounding cryptos?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What cant you do RIGHT NOW because you dont have enough cash  Idea Description: This campaign would aim to grab headlines by finding out the percentage of people who TODAY cant do simple things in their lives because they cant afford them. How many people cant pay their credit cards off in full? How many people cant pay for braces for their kid? How many people cant afford their student loans today? Wed ask a bunch of questions about what people can and cant afford, and what they think theyll be able to afford in the future. How many millennials have given up on the idea of home ownership? Marriage? Children? because they cant afford them.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: ROI of Vacation Homes  Idea Description: Owning a second home can pay substantial dividends in the form of an increased quality of life. Snowbird season is coming into affect and the luxury second-home market is now firming up again. Do homeowners plan to rent it out or have it maintained as a second home/vacation home? How far are people willing to travel to their second home? Are snowbirds and people over 55+ most likely to purchase a second home? How many are taking advantage of all available tax breaks? What are the most important aspects people should know before buying a second home in another city/state?  <|endoftext|>
