"Idea Title: Hospital Staffing in America (States with the best care)  Idea Description: In what states are there the most hospitals per capita? Urgent care facilities? Best hospital staffing? In this campaign, we would look at hospital logistics, specifically to find, per capita, the states and cities with the most care per person. How many people does each hospital in America serve? Data can even go to county level so we can see how bad it is for different demographics by comparing against the census. Basically, i found some awesome datasets: hospitals in america, urgent cares, and pharmacies, with geo information and some other info. Lets use them.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Holidays and Work Stress  Idea Description: 2020 has been a challenging year for so many people. From the stresses of work and whether or not they had changes in employment to picking up the increased work as a result of downsizing due to covid.For this study we will ask people how stressful their year has been and if it is starting to become more stressful through the end of the year. How many people dont think they can take anytime off during the holidays? who is starting to feel more burnt out now towards the end of the year. Who has spoken to their employer about it? Is this year worse than previous years?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Home Reno/Handyman Trust  Idea Description: How many people feel comfortable just leaving a handyman or construction crew alone in their home? Or being by yourself with a handyman or construction crew in your home? Some people hide or lock away their valuables for fear theyll get stolen, others will either stay at home while the work is done (to ensure nothing goes wrong or goes missing) or makes someone stay with them while the work is being done, as a precaution. How does the trust of handymen or home reno crews change by generation, and by how many times youve had a handyman or home reno crew in your home?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What are the Odds  Idea Description: Let 's do a campaign about our overreactions and perceptions of danger. People are afraid of flying, but statistically, they have nearly 0 reason to be. They\re way more likely to be hurt in their car ride to the airport. This campaign would ask people what they think the 1 in ____ odds of are of different dangerous things, including things like home burglaries, and other safety things. We\d get that data by just finding out how many of them there are every year and dividing by the number of Americans. We\d then compare what people 's perceptions are vs. reality.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Refusing to Grow Old  Idea Description: At what age do we start to feel old, and why? Although years do not pass in vain, some people feel younger and younger and refuse to fall into the old category. Let 's survey 500 baby boomers and 500 Gen Xers to find out how old they feel, what they do to stay in shape, and in that state of mind, and let 's ask them for a picture of how they look like today to compare it with those from different ages. Whether it 's because of breakthroughs in medicine, public health, or technology, let 's see how different people manage to look and feel their best. Who looks better?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fit to be a Judge  Idea Description: Do as I say, not as I do. Should being a heavy drinker in college disqualify you from future industries? Do Americans think being a certain gender makes one better suited for an industry? Do people change their opinion on drinking for men vs. women? For this project, we\d survey 1,000 people on which industries they would care most and least if the employee was a heavy drinker. We\d also ask which industries they think males are inherently better suited for and females. Finally, we\d ask if they judge heavier drinking in an industry differently for men vs. women.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Vocal Characteristics Best Suited for Voice-to-Text  Idea Description: I use voice-to-text for everything at all times. Standing behind me while I'm grabbing paper towel off a Target shelf? Well, you just heard 3 sentences about my love life. Other people I speak to say voice-to-chat works atrociously for them. I 'll be back at noon easily becomes Where is the baboon? What variations in voice and environment account for the disparity in our voice-to-text experiences? Let 's have a number of people repeat identical paragraphs and conduct a sound analysis of each repetition. What factors optimize a person 's voice-to-text experience?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Above Average Marques by state  Idea Description: Whats states love driving the most? Wed do an IG project to figure it out, using a bunch of terms to make a metascore. And What types of cars do people show off in different areas of the country? Wed scrape for #audi, #f150 #truck etc, or use google vision to categorize cars into trucks sedans etc. Wed scrape for all the different makes of cars, and see what brands people show off the most, in what states. How much does colorado love its subarus, texas love its F-150s? Is there a correlation with how little traffic your state has and how much you love driving?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Industry Injuries and Illnesses from BLS.gov  Idea Description: The Bureau of Labor Statistics offers some interesting statistics on injury and illness by general and detailed industry.Looking at incidence rates over time, we can determine which industries are getting sicker, which cause the most injuries, and days of missed work potentially back to 1994. Which industries are getting better or worse?There is potential to cross with other industry-level BLS data to determine the relationship to injury/illness and wage or employment.*Data available up to 2017. We should check for 2018 data release date before producing.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Biggest Depreciators  Idea Description: This would be dependent on getting data from them, but its definitely data they have. IT would be HUGELY shareable, like the car repairs list. But how much do brands depreciate when with a year of driving? How much do cars appreciate per 10,000 miles driven, and which car makes and models depreciate the fastest? What are teh best investments for re-sale, both of luxury and non-luxury brands? We could also likely get this from KBB data, but if we used truecars internal data, wed see what ACTUAL sales are, making this hugely authoritative if it came from the brand.  <|endoftext|>"
