"Idea Title: Celebrity Followers Compared  Idea Description: Kendall Jenner just hit 100 Million followers on Instagram. Taylor Swift has a solid 103 Million fans on hers. Besides comparing the sheer number of followers various celebrities and musicians have, we would compare these followers to other things readers might relate to better 'Ai For example, just what does 103 million Taylor fans look like? How many schools of children is that? Is that more people than an average city in the US? We would come up with a wide range of relatable comparisons and do some math for this fun, and visual campaign about celebrity followings.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ridesharing to the Hospital  Idea Description: The cost of an ambulance is clearly expensive, giving way to the trend of people ride sharing to the hospital. Lets survey 1k+ on the matter How many have taken a ride share to the hospital? What was the level of the concern? Just a check up or an actual medical emergencyHow bad would the emergency have to be for them to call an ambulance? Dehydration? Broken bone? Childbirth? Do people believe ride share drivers be allowed to deny the call to the hospital if they think its something they dont want to deal with in their car or are they obligated to help  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Common Signs of Relationships Problems  Idea Description: Relationships require time and effort to maintain an intimate connection with your partner. This usually happens in the initial romantic stage when you want to spend the most time with your partner and get to know her/him, have frequent sex and are usually more open and flexible. So, at what point do you realize your relationship is going the wrong direction? What are the signs of serious relationship problems? How can we avoid them? For this campaign, lets ask people about their experiences dealing with the good the bad and the ugly sides of their relationships.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sentiment of the Interview Process  Idea Description: Since the pandemic, a majority of companies hold their interview process completely online and have a much more filtered application process. This campaign could take a look at the success rate of appliers in securing interviews for jobs, by industry, to see how many get a response, get an interview, dont get a response at all, etc. Additionally, the main part of this campaign could use the Glassdoor API to acquire reviews on specific company interviews since the pandemic (maybe for just the top 5 tech companies like amazon, facebook, etc.) and see what people think.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: An Interactive Timeline of Xmas  Idea Description: Way before Christmas, ancient people have always held celebrations this time of year. Although the mythology, traditions, and religion have varied, the festivities have raged on throughout time. Lets take an opportunity to educate the masses about the rich history of their favorite holiday, and perhaps promote tolerance by showing how, across time and culture, we all share the same festive spirit. See the article below for a great starting point to dig into historical facts. Im imagining a decorative timeline where, when you hover over a keypoint, the info pops up.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Australians Need Help With  Idea Description: What are the most common tasks that people seek assistance with in the UK and Australia - and what types of tasks are they willing to pay the most for?Using Airtasker internal data, lets see who is hiring their neighbors for various tasks. We can find the most popular tasks for various demographics and maybe even areas within the country of Australia (ie top 5 tasks in queensland v. sydney). This would be very basic, but would show what people are seeking the most help with. We could also highlight very unique types of tasks for different demos and locations.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Old and Alone in America  Idea Description: When you are old, you likely will have to rely on others to help you with many different things. But do elderly people today have as much help and support in the home as in the past? How has our society changed over the past few years in terms of how many elderly have family members or spouses living with them in their homes? How many are facing their old age alone? Where are they living - and whats their financial status? Do they have enough money to hire help? Using IPUMS USA data, we can answer all these questions and see how these things have changed over time.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I Cant Believe I Did That  Idea Description: I just put together a lost of 60+ reckless party behaviors for another Tickpick campaign, and it could probably be three times longer, giving me this idea:This would be a campaign about all of the things people have done at parties, music festivals, and other events that make them think I can 't believe I did that.While a key focus of this campaign would be outrageous/reckless/stupid behaviors, we can also look at behaviors/experiences in a positive light I can 't believe I was able to do that; it was so unique, life-changing, important, meaningful, etc..  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Popular Cars on Reddit  Idea Description: Let 's run a Reddit scrape of r/Cars to find out which car brands have the most mentioned among the car community. Which brands, make, and models have the most upvotes and downvotes? How does sentiment vary by vehicle type and brand? What car features have the most mentions? Whats the word on autonomous vehicles? We can create timeline views to see how the conversations round certain vehicles fluctuate over time. What are the most common questions and concerns? Additionally, we can see which search terms follow popular phrases like how do I , how to , the best.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I'Aom Not Paying Full Price  Idea Description: How willing are people to pay for products or services without using coupons? What products or services do people consume only when they find a good coupon deal? When are consumers willing to pay the full price of a product or service? What often makes people consume a product or service? Brand loyalty or a good deal?In this campaign, lets explore how much people have become accustomed to using coupons when making a purchase, when are they willing to pay full price, and what types of coupons they look for the most (BOGO, free shipping, dollar-off discount, etc.)  <|endoftext|>"
