"Idea Title: My Goals and Resolutions for 2021 (combine w/ above)  Idea Description: 2020 has hit us all in one someway. Being now more than halfway through 2020, what goals are employees setting to start 2021 the right way and put everything in 2020 behind?What has 2020 taught us? How has it changed the way we think about how to handle ourselves at work? What percentage of people seek promotion to a better position? How many hope they can just keep their current position? How have our goals for this new year changed from the plans we had before the pandemic? Are we more/less ambitious? Are our goals more attainable and down to earth than before?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: NFTs: Markets for Emotions  Idea Description: NFTs are booming, and while some experts call it a bubble, does consumer optimism remain high? In this project, let 's crunch posts from subreddits like r/nft and r/nabtopshot and run them through a sentiment analyzer to find out. We can feature a timeline of nft-related posts and annotate spikes on the graph. What 's more, we can use MediaCloud to scrape headlines containing NFTs and NBA Top Shot to determine which media outlets have positive/negative sentiment toward these digital collectibles. Campaign example: https://www.comparitech.com/crypto/sentiment/  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Needs vs Wants  Idea Description: Theres a running joke in my family where my cousin told us about learning the difference between needs and wants, and his example was I want an XBOX 360, but I need shelter. And I wonder how needs vs wants change as you get older or by generations. How many Millennials think a house is a need versus a want? Are they OK with an apartment forever? Is college still a need or a want now? What about food delivery service versus going to the grocery store? We could outline the survey where we pit a lot of this vs that scenarios and see how each demo categorizes them.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Layoffs Across Different Industries and Regions  Idea Description: Political conversation is saturated with stories about angry employees losing their jobs to outdates industries, jobs lost to automation, artificial intelligence, and other social shifts. We think of specific industries or parts of the country when we think of these issues and the coal-smeared faces of those who live in them in the words of Dave Chapelle, but it would be interesting to visualize which industries are being affected the most and specifically which states and at what rates. What predictions can we make for the future based off of these observations?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Sleep Reduction Technology  Idea Description: The rich can afford private firefighters during California forest fires and they can also afford to build homes on floating islands. What will the world look like if sleep technology hits the market? Lets survey people and find out if they believe class warfare will ignite with sleep reduction technologies? Do they think more or less crime would happen? Which professions do they believe should have access to sleep reduction technology? Are there people out there who prefer dreaming so much they would say no to sleep reduction technology? Why do they enjoy dreaming?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Talking About Your Personal Finances at Work  Idea Description: Is it ok to talk about your finances at work, out loud for your coworkers to hear? How often have you said or heard a coworker talk about how broke they are at work? As an employer, do you believe this behavior is ok? Is it also ok to talk about your wishes for more money, raises, and your ambitions to coworkers and in the workplace? Lets use a survey of employees and employers to explore this topic further, to see how personal finances and work-related raises and earnings are spoken about at work and how it may have an effect on how much money you actually make.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Your Headphones Say About You  Idea Description: In a CCM study, we found that people prefer to listen to music at work with their headphones and briefly touched on wearing them to. avoid conversations. Lets dive into this further. When you see someone wearing headphones what do you think? Theyre serious or rude? How does this vary by the workplace to a. commute or in the grocery store? What about types? Over-ear, in-ear, wireless: what do we think of each. How rich do we really think airpod users actually are? On flip lets see how headphones might impact our day? Why do we wear them? How do they help or hurt?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What are the kids listening to?  Idea Description: Seniors often get lovingly made fun of for not knowing who current artists are. So lets put that to the test. How many seniors in America would actually recognize CardiB? What about someone like Beyonce? For this project, wed survey 500 seniors and show them pictures of popular modern singers. Which one is the most popular for the over 50 crowd? How many actually listen to this music?To be fair, wed also flip the script. How many millennials recognize the rolling stones? What about Whitney Houston or Journey? Wed survey 500 of them asking about the classics.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Travel Deal Breakers  Idea Description: When it comes to domestic travel, Americans are more likely to travel by plane or spend hours driving to their destination. However, British people are less likely to fly or drive somewhere thats less than an hour away. What are deal breakers when it comes to traveling domestically and internationally? For those in relationships - what are travel deal breakers when flying with a S.O.? Not having a passport, not packing light, not trying local foods, only traveling first class, not willing to try public transit? What are frequent arguments when traveling with S.O.?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confessions of Telemarketer  Idea Description: Using a combo of MTurk & Reddit, lets survey telemarketers (past and present) on their experiences being on the end of what is accepted to be the most annoying type of phone call a person can receive. What are the worst reactions theyve gotten over the years? Did it have a deeper effect on them to be in a position where the receiving end is rude in their annoyance? What tactics have their employers used to get around blocked numbers, etc. How long did they work in that job? Anything they wish people knew? Project would have quotes of anecdotes from telemarketers.  <|endoftext|>"
