Idea Title: Travelers Examined  Idea Description: Repitch from an old ideation. Lets look at the average traveler in the US v. the UK. On average do Americans travel more frequently than the UK? Do people from the UK travel less but have been to more countries? What country tops the bucket list for the US v. the UK? Which country is the bottom of the barrel (No one wants to visit)? We can then ask how each country thinks of the travelers from the opposite country... do the UK think that the Americans are less considerate than them? More? Do Americans think that theyre more welcoming than the people from the UK?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Trends of Misdiagnosis in the U.S.  Idea Description: Lets explore the idea of misdiagnosis. A recent study claimed that 12 million Americans are misdiagnosed a year and that 20% of people with serious medical issues are initially misdiagnosed. For this project, we would survey 1,000 people who have been misdiagnosed by a doctor. We could learn how many times it took before they got a proper diagnosis that solved the problem, how serious the issue became due to the misdiagnosis, etc. We could also survey people that know people who have experienced misdiagnosis and what they witnessed in terms of the repercussions.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: My Best Sleep Ever  Idea Description: Sometimes simply laying down in bed and sleeping doesn 't provide the most comfortable or best sleep. For instance, some of my fondest memories of a great sleep occurred in unorthodox times or places like falling asleep for a nap on the couch during the day or laying out by the poo or beach. For this campaign, we would survey people on the best sleep they 've ever gotten - where was it, what time of day, what was the weather like (warm sunny day? cold winter?), was it outdoors or indoors? with someone special? after an emotionally draining day/experience? Etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Demographics of X Game  Idea Description: Lets take the top 10 games according to Twitch (most viewers) and survey their player demographic to see how they are set apart. These games range from shooter horror to open world. What are the people like who only live/play in these spaces? How many housewives or dads are in each? How many are on Twitch to make money, and which game has the most aspiring demographic? Lets use a survey to target players and streamers of these games. Well measure personality characteristics, ask about gender, age, money given, received, as well as hours spent per day and week.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Reading Level of Your Life  Idea Description: Our parents grew up reading the news paper on a daily basis and likely still get most of their news via physical news paper. For this idea we would tap into that text, from news papers, and compare it to news from online sources... How has reading level changed over the decades? Did the age of the internet propel us into the future of dumbed down news and click-bait headlines? For this analysis we would tap into news articles since the early 1900s via archive or simply using a single source, like the New York Times to take a look at this change over the decades.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Workplace Snacks  Idea Description: Snacks in the workplace seem like a great idea, but are these free offerings really beneficial if theyre things like chips, donuts and cookies? For this study wed explore free food in the workplace to find out if its really a good idea, or if it only is some of the time. Wed also look at the difference in productivity, performance, energy and overall well-being of those who have snacks in the office and those who have healthy snacks. To further connect to the client, we could also look at how free snacks and drinks affects stress level, grogginess and sleep.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Interviewing Strategies While Youre Already Employed  Idea Description: Leaving a job isnt always amicable, and oftentimes management may not see it coming. Whether its to avoid awkwardness and save face or to keep from counting their chickens before they hatch, employees seeking a new job may be inclined to keep it a secret. The problem is that it may be difficult to explain the suit and tie youre wearing for your lunch hour interview, or avoid suspicion after calling in sick once a week for a month. What are the strategies that employed people use to succeed in interviews while maintaining appearances at their current workplace?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Where to Be When Single or Settled Down  Idea Description: Using the Census table (per state) B09019: HOUSEHOLD TYPE (INCLUDING LIVING ALONE) BY RELATIONSHIPUniverse: Total population - more information - 2017 American Community Survey 1-Year Estimates, we can gauge which states has the most singles, most couples (not married) and most married couples with children. Using that data we can explore the best places for singles to live in and where families can settle down among other communities of families. If there 's enough time, we could also incorporate AreaVibes internal data to add an additional ranking level.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gen Z Job Trends  Idea Description: Millennials did WEIRD things to job trends. Gone are the days of staying in the same job for 35 years or retiring with the job you started. Millennials move jobs, a lot. And its indicative of a lot of things they do, like move around, make new friends frequently, etc. Lets run a survey that includes enough gen z (We can get this on prolific) to find out how gen z is searching for, retaining, and has an outlook on work and jobs. Are they more interested in working to live than living to work? Are they more interested in PTO and using work as a means to vacation?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: 10x content idea: How safe is, how do I protect...  Idea Description: Using Goolge Trends, lets explore a few things about what people want to know about safety, danger, and protecting. We would look at which states are looking for safe versus dangerous and what are the related terms around it. When searching online for safety are people concerned about places or their health? What about dangerous?How has the trend looked over time?How about what people want to protect? What things do people want to protect? Is it their home? is it their family? pets?It would be similar to this https://www.signs.com/best-of-brands/  <|endoftext|>"
