"Idea Title: Raising Your Kids as ... Vegan, Paleo, Gluten-Free, etc ...  Idea Description: How do people feel about parents raising their kids up eating a certain diet? There are a ton of dieting cults out there where what you eat defines who you are as a person. So how do we feel about kids following their parents diet? How many parents do it and how does all of society feel about it? Italy is trying to ban childrens veganism, but how do people feel about raising your kids paleo, etc ... Are people more worried about health concerns or the lack of freedom? We can segment results by demographics such as gender, parents vs non, age, generation  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Degree ROI  Idea Description: Everybody knows that certain degrees pay more and have higher job prospects, but what are some of the other ROI angles that we can consider? Instead of focusing on finances, we would focus on happiness, experience, and other types of ROI. Which majors: had the best times in college, learned the most life lessons, wished they couldve stayed longer, learned skills that they use every day, would most highly rate their time in college as significant or valuable'Au, met their significant other at school, are proud or regretful of their degree, etc' .  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Good Financial Habits are Elementary  Idea Description: Lets survey 1,000 people about their financial habits as children and compare it to what they do today. How many of them started babysitting to earn money and at what age? Did they save this money, and what did they do with it after? For people that did do heavy saving as a kid, did any of this money go into their current 401Ks? How many people started a small business when they were younger like a lemonade stand? Do these people tend to be more successful financially later in life? We could break all of this down by gender, generation, and current income.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Less History, More Mystery  Idea Description: For this campaign, well find out what aspects of their sexual history people are hiding (or simply havent brought up because why would I, ok) about their sexual history. Along the things that we can ask about are: number of partners, quality of sex, kinkiness, various sex acts, etc...What are people more or less willing to reveal or discuss? How does this vary by men and women?To make this potentially more appealing to the client, well explore how openness/transparency/communication correlate to healthy/happy sex and relationship satisfaction.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Deadliest Time to Drive In Your State  Idea Description: Using years of FARS data (most recent is 2019) lets identify what the deadliest time of year is for each state in America in terms of driving. We can also look at the number of accidents that cause injury against fatal accidents, compare night vs day, and determine what the safest and deadliest times to drive are overall. We can go a step further and identify the most dangerous roads and create state level rankings and subrankings by different conditions such as: driving in the rain or bad weather, driving on a good weather day, winter/snow driving, etc...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Buyers/Renters Remorse  Idea Description: If we havent done it, lets do a confessions of style campaign for stories of people who have bought or rented homes. This could actually be 2 proejcts if we wanted to, but wed essentially survey on all the bad stuff that could happen in buying a home. How many have been stuck under water on a home they recently bought? How many people have had an insurance company not cover something they thought should have been covered? How many people have lived in a rented apartment without a basic kitchen appliance because the landlord wouldnt repair or replace it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: People That Fear the Dentist  Idea Description: Personally, I have never feared the dentist but I know that this is a real fear. I wonder if people that fear the dentist report having poorer dental hygiene. Is their fear of the dentist affecting their oral health? For this we can simply ask simple questions that relates to dental health such as continuous bleeding, toothaches, bad breath, etc. Lets see if people that fear the dentist are more likely to experience these things. Also we can look at peoples diets as well. Do people that eat fast food experience more signs of poor dental hygiene?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Getting Burned With Home Inspections  Idea Description: When buying a home, the inspection is typically deemed one of the most important parts of the process before signing on the dotted line. For this project, lets survey homeowners about the inspection part of the buying process. How many had to reject homes they loved because the inspection turned up some serious problems? How many people have skipped inspections and discovered a nasty surprise later? What other problems have people had with home inspections? Do people trust home inspectors? Have been burned by a home inspector before who did a bad job?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Benefits of Medical Marijuana and Psychedelics  Idea Description: What are the perceptions of marijuana and psychedelics by age group? What % of people have used either? Of those people, what are some of the symptoms they feel these drugs could help with? What would change your perception of these drugs (studies, doctor acceptance, government legalization, trying it, etc.)? Which products would they find more acceptable than others? Breakdown of comparisons between these drugs and different opiates; which do people prefer and which do they feel is safer?SemRush scrape on the sentiment of marijuana. CBD, mushrooms, LSD  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What coworking and corproworking spaces are missing  Idea Description: Weve looked into the lives of WFH and remote employees (below), but the next wave of the gig economy wants a better alternative to dealing with their dog barking in the background of conference calls and other general home distractions. What are shared offices missing the mark on, are employees satisfied with them overall and wheres this trend headed? Lets survey people to find out.https://app.asana.com/0/799276020328631/857989600070058https://app.asana.com/0/975381637381541/1126682432042985https://app.asana.com/0/799276020328631/860093275374925  <|endoftext|>"
