"Idea Title: Fitness and Meditation: Data from CDCs NHIS  Idea Description: For this idea, well use granular data from the CDCs National Health Interview Survey. The dataset is comprised of 20k respondents with variables on participation in meditation, yoga, tai chi, breathing exercises as well as fitness measures including minutes of physical activity, height, weight, and about any other health-related measure you could want.Potential to hit other variables through demographics such as industry, occupation, gender, age, etc.Extract multiple years (since 2004) for trends. SSS team has already decoded at least 2017 data.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: National Household Travel Survey  Idea Description: This campaign would use data from the National Household Travel Survey from the Federal Highway Commission.From the data, we can discover some interesting driving trends as segmented by household income, number of drivers, age, state, reason for taking trips, vehicle model, and more.The data could be used to provide an interesting snapshot/historical trends of how and why America travels.This is a new dataset and would require data be decoded. It may require an increased timeline to explore and decode.Data last updated summer 2018 for 2017  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Emotional Attachment to Your Mattress  Idea Description: A quick search of mattresses on Yelp reveals that a.) people rely heavily on communal input when shopping for a mattress and b.) people have much stronger/more comprehensive opinions on mattresses than you might expect.What are the top emotions and/or adjectives that people most commonly associate with various mattresses/mattress brands?Lets conduct a Yelp scrape and text analysis to learn more about out how consumers feel about their mattresses.This could also be applicable for bedroom accessories like sheets (egyptian vs. pima sheets, etc.)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Out of Business  Idea Description: For this campaign, well survey people about whether or not favorite businesses of theirs are going out of business. Well also explore their fears, concerns, and expectations about the fate of their favorite stores/restaurants/services.What percentage of Americans are worried that a store they like will go out of business? What percentage have already seen a business they patronize go out of business? What percentage of people have been forced to shift their some of their purchasing to a larger business (ex: Amazon instead of the store down the road)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Continued Education Among SBOs  Idea Description: 5 reasons business owners should never stop learning - Small Biz Trends---Continued education remains a popular topic amidst COVID-19 with online courses, bootcamps, and video learning being more popular than ever. But how have small business owners specifically leveled up their skills during COVID and what new skills are they seeking out to best deal with the impacts of the pandemic?In a survey of SBOs, well ask what sources they use (paid/free online course/youtube/formal education/etc.), how much time they have dedicated to continued education  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Boycotting International Competitions  Idea Description: The international sports community is seeing swells of disdain and calls for boycott for major international competitions, including the Olympics and the Qatar World Cup, due to political and human rights issues. What percentage of people favor such boycotts, and where do sports fans draw the line between politics and sports? What types of sports fan care the most about this? Are soccer fans protective of their event since it happens once every 4 years? We can also spin this to reflect on NBA players sitting out last year and lessons learned from it.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Avg Job Timeline  Idea Description: For a quick and easy campaign lets find out on avg how many jobs people from different generations have had over the course of their lifetimes, in what industries they were in, and how long they were in each job to create the avg timeline showing how long it was between each job and if they can remember, how much money they were making at each job and how old they were at each job. If desired for Baby Boomers we can see if we can convert the worth of the salary at different times to today dollars to show a direct comparison (bc issues w/ inflation)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: My BFF in China (Gaming Online)  Idea Description: If you have ever played an online game for a while you will realize that you start forming friendships very fast. For this campaign let 's survey people that game online very frequently and ask them if they have ever built an online friendship. If they have how close do they get to each other? Do they give each other relationship or live advice, how much has your friends advice helped you? How long did it take you to form this friendship? How long do these friendships actually last? How often to you communicate with your friend outside the game?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Best Videogames for Spending Quality Time  Idea Description: (Corona angle) It seems like right now was the perfect time for Animal Crossing to come out, as people are socially isolated yet looking to connect with others. Let explore the top games that bring people together while physically separated. Which games make people feel the closest? Of people who report that theyre not feeling lonely during quarantine, what games are they playing? What are couples playing together because theyre either a) long distance always or b) long distance due to quarantine? We could look at PC, console, and mobile games.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Evolution of UFC and MMA  Idea Description: Using this database (https://www.fightmatrix.com/mma-ranks/) and research to source each fighters main fighting style, we can analyze how fighters fighting styles have changed and which fighting styles have been successful. The goal is to see if certain fighting styles have evolved and if others have shown less success. Additionally, we can look at fighter rankings for submissions, KOs, and overall success. We havent done too many MMA campaigns, so there is a lot of room here to get into some analytics and rankings overall along with style evolutions.  <|endoftext|>"
