"Idea Title: Visualizing Archetypes  Idea Description: Oftentimes, on psychedelics, people report seeing the same or very similar visual stimuli. The fact that these hallucinations are not completely random fascinate users and motivates them to share and catalog their experiences. Using Erowid, a thorough database of people self-reporting their drug use, we can analyze what the common archetypes are, how often they are appearing, and at what dose. We can also speculate what these mysterious phenomenon might mean. And warn kids to stay away from drugs using the more frightening instances [non-glorification].  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: The Future of Airports  Idea Description: Traveling can be a hassle but thats mostly because of luggage and security. This article (https://www.travelandleisure.com/airlines-airports/building-airport-of-the-future) gets at the innovations that airports plan to undergo. Lets find out how people feel about having their luggage picked up from home. Not having to carry anything on their person except for a personal bag. How much more are they willing to pay? What sort of concerns do they have? What are reasons why they wouldnt do it? What about the airline experience? Maybe pre-order food? Etc.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: The Cheaters Whose Relationships Work  Idea Description: We always hear about people whose relationships fall apart after cheating, but what about people who continue on to have long-term relationships after infidelity. There are several prominent psychologists (and I believe a TED talk) about how natural infidelity is and why it shouldnt necessarily be a dealbreaker. Lets talk to people whose significant others found out about their infidelity and chose to stay. How do people rebuild trust in such relationships? How true is Once a cheater, always a cheater, and how many people issue genuine forgiveness?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Road Trip Me vs. Real Life Me  Idea Description: My diet, music tastes, and self care change enormously on road trips -- being on the road tends to reawaken my childhood love of fast food, classic rock, and judging others. This would be a fun, simple survey that looks at how people change their normal behaviors on road trips - what are the compromises they make, where do they let themselves go (with respect to diet, sleep, where they stay, etc), how judgmental they are of the people/places they encounter, etc. We could pay special attention to the foods people eat and if/how music tastes change.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Your Office Persona  Idea Description: Let see who more successful in their overall career paths and current jobs by the way they present themselves at work. Between the personality types who are more sensitive/thoughtful/introverted/hesitant and loud/extroverted/showy/outspoken/attention-seeking,who gets more annual promotions? Makes more money? Has a better relationship with their boss? Feels more fulfilled at work? More admired by fellow co-workers? What percent of people admittedly, consciously make changes to their personality while at work? What do they try to change?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Sexiest Holidays  Idea Description: Holidays are great but whether it 's Christmas or Easter they\re synonymous with family time. How are couples getting sexy around these holidays? Are they planning a quick interlude before heading into holiday traffic for Thanksgiving? Stopping home for a change out of their Sunday best before the cookout on Easter? Is Valentine 's the day were the deed gets done the most or is that reserved for good ole 4th of July? To tie it a bit closer to the brand how many men are prepping themselves for the holiday by using pharmaceutical help if they need to?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: New Year New Me  Idea Description: 2018 is in our rearview and 2019 is our opportunity to start with a clean slate. For this campaign lets determine the bad habits that people have left in 2018 and will never look back. How many people vowed to never pick up a cigarette, cheat on their significant other, do drugs, etc.? Lets see how many people are trying to turn over a new leaf! THIS IS A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO START A LONGITUDINAL STUDY TO DETERMINE HOW LONG THESE VOWS ACTUALLY LAST!! (all we have to do is collect emails of willing participants and email them 6 months from now)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Exercise Across America  Idea Description: Americans are often stereotyped as fat and lazy, and while our culture may not be as active as others, there are still many Americans who are fit or are trying to be. Using the BRFSS physical activity data, lets see where in the US people are exercising the longest and most intensely, as well as what the most common exercises are for different states and age groups. This would show the trends in how each generation chooses to get in shape. We could also look at how family connects to fitness. How often are moms working out compared to peopel w/o kids?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Energy Efficient Homes  Idea Description: It can be really nice to live in a older house, but probably, it wasn 't designed to be energy efficient or environmentally sustainable. How many people now are making home improvements to conserve energy and be more green? How much are they spending to do this? What cities have the most people thinking about energy efficiency in their homes? We can find the answers to all of these questions using the American Housing Survey. We can also see the other reasons why people are remodeling their homes, and what type of people are most likely to do this.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dating in College Costs  Idea Description: For this study, we can examine college students and break it down by grade and gender. How much money are college students wasting dating someone in college? Skipping classes to go study with your boyfriend, not doing that homework assignment because you\d rather go out to the bar and get that person in your math class to notice you, blowing money on dates, etc. How much are GPA 's dropping? Is there a huge difference between singles in college and those in relationships? Do people regret not focusing more on their studies and wasting away money?  <|endoftext|>"
