"Idea Title: Smoking vs. Vaping in the car  Idea Description: Vaping doesnt leave a smell, but certainly can create a second hand nicotine exposure. This would be a survey of people who vape and/or smoke. We would ask them about if they vape in the car, and if so, if they do it with kids in the car, or other passengers in the car. Has switching to vaping made them more likely to use the vape around others in an enclosed space like a car? How do they feel about this behavior, do they worry about the exposure to their kids? Do they think it is safer? Demographic breakdowns to understand these differing opinoins.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Birth Control Myths Busted  Idea Description: In contemporary political discourse, birth control is a polarizing topic. Many conservative politicians bring up two main points: BC enables women to be sexually promiscuous, and due to religious concerns, should not be funded by the gvmt. Using the CDC NSFG data, we can dive into how many lifetime sexual partners women on birth control have had, and determine if their prescription correlates with a higher # of partners or not. We can also examine how these women are footing the bill, and whether the government is contributing in any significant way.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Life Satisfaction Based on Drug Preference  Idea Description: Everyone has their go to drug whether if its weed, alcohol, cocaine, cigs, and those that are completely sober. For this campaign let 's see how people 's life satisfaction differs based on drug preference. How do people 's sex lives, relationship with their SO and family and friends, job satisfaction differ by drug choice. Do people who prefer to drink more likely to have a more negative relationship with their significant other than people that choose to smoke weed? Let 's find out how drug preference affects various areas in people 's lives.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Friends, Family, Sleep  Idea Description: Poor sleep has been linked with a long list of health problems. Lets examine how our social behaviors, friendships, and family life influence sleep patterns. Do people with healthy relationships and spend more time with friends get better sleep, thus improving their health? Lets survey 1,000 people to find out. We can determine trends in the number of friends people have, how often they communicate with them and how they sleep. Same with family. Do people who have strong relationships with family members get better sleep than people who dont?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Student Vaccination Survey  Idea Description: Lets survey 1,000 college students and recent graduates of their perceptions of vaccinations. What percentage of students and grads would get vaccinated? Would they be willing to get vaccinated if their university or potential employer required it? What percentage would rather stay remote and not get vaccinated? How many students are concerned with contracting Covid or one of its mutant variants? Should teachers be prioritized in getting Covid vaccine? Lets analyze results by college major, year and political affiliation to unearth novel insights.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Long Until Marijuana is Rec Legal in Your State  Idea Description: Let 's survey 100 people in each state how many years and months they think until Mary Jane is legal recreationally in their state. Imagine a heat map where green states represent states where it 's already legal, and then big numbers over the rest of the states - It would be so cool. How many years out do Floridians think Florida is? Or Delawarians think Delaware is? If we make the survey quick, we can keep within budget, and we can breakdown different map views based on different demos within that state. Easy Peasy Lemon Bleeezy  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats Your Sign?  Idea Description: Do you roll your eyes when someone posts #LeoSzn or #SooTaurus! I personally do not believe the stars have any affect on our personality, preferences or capability... still sometimes I check if my horoscope is coincidentally in line with my lifes trajectory. Makes me wonder- how many people really believe and do they use it to make decisions in their life? What would you say if someone asked your sign on a date? Are you curious or keep up with your horoscope? Do you even know what yours is? Whats your perceived notion about each signs attributes?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Most Eco Friendly for 2019  Idea Description: It seems like every year new lists come out for the most eco friendly, the most budget friendly, etc. cars. Well it 's a new year! The federal government has come come out with the 2019 estimates for fuel efficiency. Found here: https://www.fueleconomy.gov/feg/PowerSearch.do?action=noform&path=1&year=2019&mclass=Small%20Cars&srchtyp=marClassMpgSomething that these lists often also lack is a clear methodology as how they found the best. We can come up with a really clear methodology and crown the best for the new year based on different metrics.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Outside Factors & How It Affects Our Sleep  Idea Description: We all wish that life was nothing but sunshine and rainbows, but thats not the case. We all experience adversities ranging from very minor to very serious. For this particular project we can try to determine what things in life affect our sleep the most. Is it a fight with our significant other, finding out that your partner is cheating, or even the death of a family member. At the end of the day what prevents us from getting a good nights rest? How does the worlds political climate affect our sleep? Do Republicans sleep better than Democrats?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: On a Different Schedule  Idea Description: For this project, lets survey couples that live together. Lets do a survey 50% of respondents on the same/a similar work schedule as their partner, 50% on different schedules. How does income, happiness, relationship satisfaction vary in both types of couples? How do the ones on different schedules make time to see their partners? Does the different work schedule disturb their sleep? Do they sleep in different bedrooms? What about their sex life? We can include a section with tips on how to make the relationship work on different schedules, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
