"Idea Title: Emergency Preparedness  Idea Description: For this campaign, let 's survey people about how prepared they are for various types of emergencies. Could they defend themselves against an intruder? Do they ACTUALLY know/remember how to do CPR? Do they know how to tie a tourniquet? Do they have a planned escape route from their house? Have they taken self-defense classes? We can break this down by demographics and potentially at past experiences. It would be a cool stat to say 70% of people have taken a CPR class, but only 20% are confident they could perform it correctly in a real emergency.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Data Security, Alexa and Crime  Idea Description: An episode of Black Mirror used future technology to map out who saw or heard the details of a crime. But we\re already living with tech that is recording our every move and sound. Amazon Echo data has been pulled during crime investigations to see what she heard How ethical is this data pull? Do people think it 's within law enforcements right to take your personal technology and use it against you? Lets see how people feel about data security surrounding personal tech devices and whether they should be made public for criminal investigations.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Influencers & ROI  Idea Description: For business decision makers, the return on investment for the new market of social influencers can sometimes be murky. However, powerful companies are rushing to pour huge amounts of money into the strategy. Lets pull together the pricing of influencers across different industries and different follower counts / engagement rates, and see how much it costs to advertise with them. This information would be useful if compiled thoroughly, because it seems to vary significantly and leave businesses vulnerable to being ripped off. What is a fair rate??  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dream Skeptics  Idea Description: Do dreams mean anything? There is a large contingent of people who think so. Some believe certain things that happen in your dream something about your future. Others believe your dreams are playing out past lives. Some believe its all bull shit. Lets survey Americans to see what their beliefs on this are. Do they let these beliefs actually govern their lives? Like if you dreamed your boyfriend cheated on you, would you be mad in real life? Are those who believe in there dreams more susceptible to worry or stress because of what their dreams say?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Making The Right Decision Every Time  Idea Description: Sometimes I will really want a cheat meal and ill have a little debate in my head to see if I can afford it. When I fight the urge, I tend to have a great week at the gym. When I give in, I find myself eating bad again and again right after. Lets survey people to find out how just saying no every single time benefits and workout plan. The same can be said for when you want to skip the gym, but you force yourself to go. Does that little decision have drastic affects? Lets find out. These could all be on a scale as well to really track the outcomes.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Dating with Pet Allergies  Idea Description: This past week my friend and I were vacuuming and cleaning the same room multiple times to ensure our friend doesnt die from any cat or dog allergies. It had me thinking - how many people would choose their significant other or someone they just started dating over their pet? How many people do not move in together purposely because of their pet allergies? How does it affect the time spent inside and outside of the home? How many girlfriends gave their boyfriend an ultimatum because of their allergies? How many of these relationships really last?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Sleepover Shenanigans  Idea Description: In the same vein as previous confession-style campaigns, lets poll 1,000 parents about their sleepover preferences. First, lets determine the percentage of parents that either allow or ban their children from having sleepovers. Next, we can serve up a round of questions inquiring about the reasons for their preference. Perhaps a bad experience in the past? Were their own parents strict about sleepovers? Do they fear that the kids will keep them up or night? Lets use free-response questions to hear detailed explanations for their household rule.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Sleep Differences Between Men and Women  Idea Description: How different are the sleep patterns between men and women? Is there really a big difference? Who needs more sleep? Who takes more time to fall asleep? Who likes to spend more time in bed the next morning? Who wakes up the most during the night? Who is more satisfied with sleep? Who feels more ready to work the following day? Who needs more time to recover from a bad night?Lets survey 500 women and 500 men and ask them about their daily sleep patterns. Lets find out if there is really a difference between the sleeping habits of women and men.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Getting Married by Geographic Location  Idea Description: Everyone knows that people are getting married less and/or later in life, but how does that trend change when you look at the data regionally? In this campaign we would use census data to determine what cities and states are above and below the averages. We can also look at which cities have the most people who want to someday get married but havent met the right person. We would bucket the findings by population (since we know that urban populations get married less) and we can also segment by other demographics such education, income, and more!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Pulling Teeth/Tooth Fairy  Idea Description: One of the benefits of being a child is the fact that you enjoy losing your teeth. And some actually even have fun with it. For this project lets explore the creative ways people pull their teeth out. How many children tied their teeth to the door or even to a toaster oven? However, when you grow up losing teeth is never fun and it will end up costing you a lot of money. For this campaign lets determine the most frequent ways that adults lose their teeth. Is it a bar fight, drunk falls, walking into a glass door, or even a kickboxing class?  <|endoftext|>"
