"Idea Title: Leading in a new era - Ceding to the younger generation  Idea Description: It seems like Covid and BLM have pushed us over the edge and represent a turning point in the leadership demographics of the USA. There is brewing conversation about this being the final gasp of boomer leadership. This would be a survey where we split between boomers+ and Millenials-, and ask the question, who is better equipped to lead? How does tech savviness play into it? How does progressivism? How about conservative values? How does this break down across party lines? Where is the cost/benefit around experience/age vs. new ideas/youth?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Politisians and Selebrity Tweets  Idea Description: Covfefe. Unpresidented. Melanie (instead of Melania). With politicians putting more and more of their thoughts on Twitter, misspelled words are on the rise. For this campaign, we would quantify the number of misspelled words for every politician in congress (both the house and the senate), the president and the presidents secretaries (education, agriculture, defense, etc.). We could see if one party misspells more than others, which gender misspells more and which chamber of congress misspells more. We could also see if age plays a part in this.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Food Fights 2 - Holiday Edition  Idea Description: Is mac and cheese a thanksgiving food? Is fruit cake a cake (its not. Its disgusting). Do you have to have turkey at thanksgiving? And does anyone like it? do you eat christmas dinner on christmas eve or day? What foods are tradition at your house that you think are unique to you? Canned cranberry sauce or hommade relish? Is it called stuffing or dressing? Do you prefer it in the turkey or outside? Is gingerbread a cookie or a bread? Since this isnt a full-scope campaign and wont be promoted, I think the survey can be pretty short, but funny.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Depressed is America?  Idea Description: The WHO recognizes the Zung Self-Rating Depression scale. We can replicate this scale for our surveys and find out how depressed Americans are these days. Is there a depression epidemic? Are younger generations more susceptible to depression? Are their certain age ranges where depression peaks? What demographics are most likely to have depression? We could mix this scale with our own questions, like drug use. Does a higher depression rating lead to higher drug use? Im sure there are more connections to depression that promo would love to target.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Peer Pressure in the Office  Idea Description: Happy hour, holiday parties, bonding events, client dinners'Aimany of them now involve an element of alcohol. How often do people attend/are invited to an after-work event involving alcohol? How many people feel that attending these events helps their career and how many feel that it hurts it? Do people feel that it invites favoritism or a personal connection? Is there an appropriate cutoff for how many drinks they have around coworkers? Does their boss\ gender impact the pressure to attend an out-of-office event? What about if they\re sober?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Careers Paths After College  Idea Description: How does a college major really shape your future this day and age? How many respondents are working in a career that aligns with their major? How many changed to something completely different over time? Which majors were the least and most worth it for their career? What do the next few years look like for an average employee? How many respondents implement life goals, 5 year plans or even daily goals. Are people who are maintaining these kind of goals more ambitious and successful in life? How many people just wing it and take life day by day?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats Holding You Back?  Idea Description: Time and time again, I hear that people want to get in the best shape of their life, but most of the time they are just blowing smoke. For this campaign lets dive into the things that holds people back from achieving their fitness goals. Is it lack of time, little to no motivation, fear of being judged in the gym, etc. How does this differ for men and women? For those that have conquered these fears or setbacks, what motivated them to do so? Maybe with their guidance they can help people get into the gym and live a more healthy lifestyle.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What I Wished We Talked About Before Marriage  Idea Description: Hindsight is 20/20 as they say, so lets find out what married people wished they had discussed about money before tying the knot. We could do a survey asking people what finance topics they went over with their partner before the wedding, and which ones theyd wished they had. We can compare this to their current financial situation: debt, income, home ownership, and overall relationship happiness. What did the happiest/wealthiest couples go over before the wedding? What did the couples in the most debt wish they had known about their partners?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most expensive cities to study abroad  Idea Description: Tons of students study abroad, and the experience can be life changing in more ways than one. Lets look into the costs associated with studying abroad. How much do students spend on average? From visa fees, transportation, tuition, food, accommodation, lets examine the top schools and cities from the US, UK, and Australia, and look into the cost of living to determine the most/least affordable.Id be curious to know how much students from Australia spend coming to the US and vice versa, from tuition to cost of living and in between.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Player Likeness  Idea Description: Esports is a booming section in the video game industry especially with series like Madden and NBA 2k but theres a growing disagreement when these video games dive into college sports like NCAA March Madness and college football and include player likeness but because of ncaa rules players cant profit off itCould include professional players whove profited the most off of their likeness (like a ranking) in videogames, how much cash college athletes are missing out on because they cant profit, public perceptions on the morality of it, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
