"Idea Title: Do You Really Know Your Car Insurance?  Idea Description: We all have to have car insurance, but how many of us really know what were getting with our coverage? to find out wed survey people about the different aspects of car insurance to find out what they do and dont know. My guess is that most people have no idea what theyre actually covered for and what their coverage means. We could also look into how many have filed a claim and what they wish they knew about their insurance ahead of time. We could break down the findings by generation to see who is the most knowledgable about their insurance.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sneaky Sleep Reviews  Idea Description: Using fakespot.com, lets analyze online reviews for a wide variety of sleep products listed on Amazon. Overall, what percentage of sleep products have unreliable reviews? What type of products (pillows, sheets, bed frames, mattresses, sleep tech, sleep mask, etc.) have the highest percentage of unreliable reviews? How often is deception involved in these sneaky sleep reviews? We can supplement with a super short survey to see how many people purchased sleep products on Amazon within the past year and measure their satisfaction with those items.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Consumer Prices at Military Industrial Complex Mark-ups  Idea Description: Eisenhower first defined and decried the military industrial complex way back in the 50s. An element of the phenomenon is that the military, and other arms of government, will pathologically overspend on items and services of every kind. The classic example is the $100 hammer, which was available to consumers for $2.98 at the hardware store.Lets assemble some data on military/government spending on a per unit basis. Well apply the inflated rates being paid by the government to consumers and see how much people would be spending to survive.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Self-Sabotaging Sleep  Idea Description: In what ways are we screwing ourselves when it comes to sleep? How often do we stay up into the wee hours of the night voluntarily, knowing we have to be up early the next day? What are the most common ways people are robbing themselves of those precious hours, and how satisfactory would they rate their sleep vs people who go to bed earlier? How much time do we waste every night scrolling social media before bed, and how much of an impact do people believe it has on their ability to sleep, as compared to watching tv, or playing video games?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Leaving For Vacation  Idea Description: When leaving your house for a vacation there are certain thing you should do to ensure your homes safety. For this project let 's survey those that have recently gone on a vacation for a few days and ask them what they do to secure their home. How many people have an electronic security system and those that don 't and see how their security measures differ. We can also measure how worried they become if they do or don 't have an electronic security system or even a dog. How many people rely on a friend or family member house sitting?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Sleep In vs Get Out (Weekend Habits)w/ Bri  Idea Description: We already worked our ass off for the past 5 days, are you going to get up and do something on Saturday or are you going to sleep in? For this campaign lets try to get a better understanding of what people actually do on the weekends to stay active and why people choose to sleep in on the weekends. I wonder if our willingness to sleep in or get up changes with relationship status? Is our preference to get up vs sleep in on the weekends dependent on personality difference, happiness level, type of job we do, how exhausting our job is, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Teens and social media use at night  Idea Description: A new study just came out showing screen time has little effect on kids sleep: https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-46109023So how much sleep are teens losing each night on social media, and is it as bad a people think? Which social media accounts are they using the most, how long are they staying awake (losing sleep), and we can look to see how its impacting other aspects of their lives as well. Is the social media addiction really as big as an issue as some people think, or no? Lets look into statista and survey parents to find out  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: College Hazing - By The Numbers  Idea Description: A survey of current or recent grads, where we ask them about their experiences with Hazing. The survey would be relatively short, but would seek to understand both the experience of hazing, but also where and how it is happening most. WHat frats/sororities? What sorts of clubs or extracurricular activities seem to have the highest rates? What are the hazing activities? Who has been injured, put in danger, made to drink or do drugs, sexually assaulted, etc. Were there consequences? How does this differ by demographics, locations, universities?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: #ASMR  Idea Description: Example: https://www.instagram.com/p/Br99BOyle37/The ASMR community is BLOWING UP on social media right now. Unfortunately, a niche community is rapidly evolving that are eating (somewhat) non-edible substances for the audio-visual effect. Besides just #eatingchalk (56,334 posts & counting) there are several other questionable materials (like #eatingclay 23,187 posts) being chewed just for the gram. Lets explore these #s and lay out what inedible objects people are snacking on the most and what damage its doing to their teeth (and body).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: If You Slept Better...  Idea Description: I'm sure I 've pitched something like this before, but anyway..For this campaign, we would ask people about how and why their lives would be better if they got a better night of sleep (quality of sleep, length of sleep, etc..).What percentage of people think they would be happier, more energetic, more active in their children 's lives? What percentage believe they would be more successful, more productive, more active, healthier, etc...This could potentially be framed as in what ways is poor sleep holding you back to make it more  <|endoftext|>"
