"Idea Title: Hair Loss Perceptions vs Reality, Fears, Etc..  Idea Description: A large majority of men will experience some form of hair loss in their life, often beginning before or around the time they enter their 30s.For this campaign, well explore the perceptions and experiences of men (of all ages) regarding their actual or potential hair loss. Well look at things like: fears, expectations, preventive measure, worries/expectations about their attractiveness, how it affects their relationship/dating, etc....Well also survey women to see how mens fears correlate to the preferences and perspectives of women.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Process of Repairs  Idea Description: Getting your home or other property fixed after a disaster is a menial task. Filing a claim, finding an approved contractor, etc. is a lot of steps that many people dont know about or know that youre supposed to do. On top of that, contractors come out of the woodwork trying to rip people off, so its known fact to be careful when getting post-damage repairs done. Lets survey victims of property loss or damage due to disasters. We could also look at arrest records of areas affected by disaster to look at contractors arrested for wrong work.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Evolving Female Attitudes About Money  Idea Description: As women have made further inroads into the workforce and have fought the ongoing battle for equal pay, equal benefits, etc., I feel like their entire approach to money and finances has changed for a lot of women, particularly younger generations. For this campaign, we would survey women of all ages about their attitudes toward money. Do they see themselves as financially independent? Do they rely on someone as financial backup (parents, an SO)? Are younger women more likely to keep parts of their financial life separate from their SO/spouse?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Extracting the Most Value From Your Home  Idea Description: Everyone talks about the bathroom and kitchen being the top areas of improvement, but we could survey realtors, house flippers, investors and even consumers for information on what they did to turn a profit on their homes. Would also be beneficial to query how much they spent on the upgrade and how much they believed it increased profit. Would also like to question how much profit they want to make on average (percentage).Ask how they paid for project (loan, cash, credit card, mortgage, other)Data could also be used elsewhere.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dangerous Distractions  Idea Description: Using NEISS data from 2004-10, researchers discovered that distracted walking (ie with a cellphone in hand) actually caused more injuries than distracted driving! This is kind of unbelievable to me - and I think its high time we investigate the more recent data, from 2011-17. Have we gotten better or worse at using technology while going about our everyday lives? How many more or fewer people fell over curbs or walked into poles and needed stitches because they were texting or looking up a map? What ages are getting injured the most on foot?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Money Affects Friendships  Idea Description: I have some friends I really like to spend time with, but I never see them because they cant really afford to do the things me and my other friends do. Lets survey people to find out how money affects friendships. Do those of higher incomes offer to pay for their friends so they can go places with them? Do those of lower incomes try to take advantage? Have friendships ever ended because the income disparity was too large? How do friends overcome the salary gap? Does the higher income friend ever get annoyed from offering to pay all the time?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Diverse Sports Leagues & Teams  Idea Description: Lets examine the major sports leagues in the US and reveal the demographic breakdowns. Based on our findings, we can dive into all of the teams and look at their roster makeup to find out which teams have the most diversity. We can even go back and examine trends in diversity throughout history to show how much more inclusive sports has become, and compare and rank the current construction. Powerful rich white men have consistently been known to own and or run franchises, but this would be a ground-level examination of the leagues and teams.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Makes You More/Less Productive at Work?  Idea Description: This campaign will be super straightforward but equally interesting and valuable. Well ask respondents about the things that have the biggest impact on their productivity at work. Well create one big list of the best/worst, and several smaller lists broken down by topic/category.The topic of productivity has been touched on in other campaigns, but not in such a specific and focused manner.For each asset, well focus on a broad topic/category. For example: office environment, personal habits, coworker behaviors, and company policies.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Business Owners & Retirement  Idea Description: Retirement changes with every generation, and as we live longer, we may be planning to do different things in the retirement years.Lets survey people in their 40s and older, half of whom have a business of their own.How many plan to sell before retirment? How many plan to passively own while traveling, etc? Is their income sustainable in their minds? How many have a transition plan to hand over the reins?Are business owners more likely to be making plans for their futures - or are they more focused on their current challenges?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Learning from Fire Occurences  Idea Description: NYC Open data has over 2 million records from 2016-2019 on the fire incidences . Lets examine geographical prevalence of fires In NYC as a base for learning about fire safety, the most common causes / times of day, and the floor (1st, 2nd, etc). What sorts of appliances were most frequently involved, arson, child starting it? Theres a huge amount of great data that hasnt been explored toward this end. The idea would be to use this massive NYC dataset to be able to make actionable recommendations based on universal lessons from the data.  <|endoftext|>"
