"Idea Title: Wins per $ of Taxpayer Money  Idea Description: Public employees are paid by the public. This include public university employees - and in almost every state, the highest paid of them being head coaches for either football or basketball. In more than 40 of the 50 US states, the most highly paid public employee is a coach. But how do these astronomical salaries actually translate into wins? If Michigan is bad, is John Harbaugh earning $1 Million/Win? Is Coach Cals salary too LITTLE based on how much he wins? Basically wed find out what wins are costing taxpayers in football and basketball  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What is Love, to Different Generations (and other things)  Idea Description: What is love to different generations? What about music? or friendship? For this idea we would have a series of respondents write in responses to each of these questions, and others that will work best for promotions. We would run text analysis, look for \emotional\ words, and run sentiment analysis. We might even be able to run a personality analysis on the text, to determine which body of text is most \optimistic\ or \cheerful\ when describing different topics. This idea would be super interesting and let us compare the generations.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Role Models  Idea Description: Today there are many people whove reached celebrity status through an unlikely avenue - personal finance, business savvy, and wealth advice! Stars like Grant Cardone, Donald Trump, Robert Kiyosaki, Dave Ramsey, Suze Orman, etc have made their millions from books, shows, and other content promising to show people the way to wealth and freedom from debt. Lets see which of these money moguls are most popular among differing generations, industries, etc. Whose fans are actually in the best shape in terms of debt, credit score, income, etc?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Timeline of Industry Ages (Working Title)  Idea Description: Using BLS historical data we can provide a detailed breakdown of which industries have the most young people each year (the dataset goes from 2002-2018) and essentially show the change over time of where young people are going. It has a detailed breakdown of occupations within each industry, and we can compare this with the median salary for each over time. Are young people just following the money? They literally have detailed wage data for each industry/occupation within that industry, in some cases with a gender breakdown of wages  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: U.S. vs. the World: Small Business Sentiment  Idea Description: *This would have to be done on Prolific since wed need to filter for business owners and country of residence.*The U.S. has responded to the pandemic very differently from the rest of the world. Therefore, I feel like the small business landscape is likely very different as well. Lets explore a global small business angle by surveying U.S. small business owners and small business owners from different countries. We can ask about their governments response, their outlook for the future, and what actions theyve had to take in response.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: 10 Years of Car Sales: A Big Damn Analysis  Idea Description: This website has car sales data for every brand/model for the past 10 years. Well use this data to explore car buying trends over the past decade. Which brands have risen and fallen the most? Which brands have experienced the most volatility? How have various styles fared over the past decade? How do car sales compare to various economic factors over the past decade?On the site, you can explore the data by brand, year, segment, etc: https://www.goodcarbadcar.net/all-reports/They request to be contacted before their data is referenced  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Wake & Bake  Idea Description: Waking up on somedays is harder than others. Some prefer a hot cup of coffee while others prefer to take a hit from a bong. For this campaign let 's take a look into the things people consume for breakfast and rank their level of productivity throughout the day. Do people that consume weed first thing in the morning think they are the most productive compared to those that drink a cup of coffee? How do the things we consume differ from the industries we work in? How many people don 't even eat breakfast? How productive are they?  <|endoftext|>
Idea Title: More Likely To Swipe Right  Idea Description: Dogs. Purest beings on earth. But if you have a dog in your dating profile do you think you get more hits than if you didnt? Do people borrow dogs to take pictures with to improve their chances? As someone whos looking do you lean more towards those who show a dog in their profile? Are you disenchanted if its not theirs? Or doesnt live with them? Does it apply to all size dogs or are people more attracted to those that have larger v. extra small dogs? What about in real life? Are you more likely to approach a guy/gal if they have a pup?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Examining Sleep Disorders  Idea Description: Theres the more commonly known disorders like insomnia, narcolepsy, and sleep apnea. How did those who were diagnose figure out they had disordered sleeping? Whatd they do to try and alleviate it? Which methods do they believe are most effective? Then theres weirder ones like sleep walking, sleep paralysis, and night terrors. What are the most common night terrors? Whats the strangest place a sleepwalker has found themselves in? Have they found ways to alleviate their symptoms? How much do these disorders affect the rest of their day  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are you Blind Ref?  Idea Description: The no-call against the Saints in the NFC Championship game will be a hot topic all off-season and likely forever. This leads to an interesting question though, why do all the referees look like grandfathers? Maybe its no wonder they miss things. Using the official roster of officials provided by the NFL, we would determine the average age of each official. We could then compare it to that of officials in other sports, or we could do a sort of vision test to Mturkers around that age. Whats the average vision handicap of someone that age?  <|endoftext|>"
