"Idea Title: How Much Would You Sell X Personal Information For  Idea Description: People realize if the product is free, their data is likely the payment. Some privacy pundits have suggested that people should own their own data, and sell it to companies through some kind of clearinghouse. This project would take that idea and expand on it, by asking consumers how much they feel X point of data is worth. Your name, address, credit score, buying preferences, etc. What is valued most/least? What data is priceless.We could then aggregate this and compare across demographics. We could also put an aggregate price.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Name those States  Idea Description: https://www.sunnyskyz.com/blog/2982/A-German-Guy-Got-Bored-And-Tried-To-Name-All-50-States-The-Result-Is-HilariousI feel this Germans attempt to put a name to all 50 states is a decent representation of what most Americans would end up with. Lets give them the chance to try and name all 50 states, and see which demos are most successful and which states are most and least identifiable. Id also like to ask them how confident they are in American geography going in to see if theres an inverse relationship between confidence and ability  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Crime at Church  Idea Description: Does the peaceful presence found in synagogues, mosques, temples, and churches effect the streets nearby?Lets explore open crime data and transpose it over maps featuring the location of every house of worship in the nation. Is there more crime surrounding worship centers? OR less? What type of crime is most likely to go down outside a church? How does this differ by state, religion, etc?In the day and age where even sacred places arent safe/secure from gun violence, drug violence, and sex crimes, this would be very relevant.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Priority Breakdown  Idea Description: What are we spending the most of our money on, and how does that differ by generation and relationship/housing status? Are people splitting rent with one or more roommates making different things their top priorities than parents who own their homes? Where do categories like going out to eat, gas, groceries, entertainment etc fall as compared to rent and utilities? And how does this differ by demographic breakdown? Are millennials prioritizing eating out over groceries? Or is there anything people will prioritize over basic rent/utilities?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Avg cost of Car Ownership over Time  Idea Description: The BTS has a cool dataset with the cost of owning and operating a vehicle from year to year from 1990-2018 (with years 1975-1985 represented in 5 year intervals) using this data we could create a quick and easy little calculator where people input the number of miles theyve driven their car, and the year they want results for, and we can show them how much it would cost at different points in history as compared to in 2018. They include figures for cost per mile for overall ownership/operation, as well as for gas, maintenance, and tires.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Everyday Addictions (reboot)  Idea Description: We all know someone that cannot function without a cup of coffee in the morning or even going to the gym. For this project we can reboot the campaign Daily Dependencies, however we can differentiate this new campaign on the basis of what people perceive is a healthy/unhealthy addiction. What are the most healthy/unhealthy daily addictions people are facing day after day? How do these addictions vary by each demographic? For those that are addicted to the gym or coffee what is the line between healthy/unhealthy? Let 's find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Weekend Warriors  Idea Description: Weekends should be a time for rest, but Americans have a such a go mentality that we fill up our free days with activities and errands. How many of us are even sleeping and resting the recommended amount on weekends? Do we truly ever feel rested on Monday? Let 's use a survey to look at the percentage of people who consider themselves weekend warriors and those who are a bit more chill, and measure their life satisfaction, level of rest and hours of sleep, and explore just how much we do on weekends when we should try to be relaxing.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: the slang gap  Idea Description: wed look at how slang has evolved over generations and how the slang gap affects our relationships across generations. do older people know gen z slang and do gen zs know baby boomer slang? what are the perceptions of different generations slang. i see this as a fun pop culture piece but adding in what each generations slang says about their values--were baby boomers popular slang terms mostly drug related? are gen zs thematics around sex? is this gap separating us generationally by isolating us from each other or is it connecting us?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Calculating Work vs Life  Idea Description: Work burnout and work life balance is something we all battle with. But its not so black and white. Once persons balance could be anothers chaos. Lets survey people on if they currently believe they have good balance and what they would need in order to achieve it if they dont have it or what they currently do to have it. Is it that we think working late is balance so our weekends are free? Or that our work and our life are fine to mix together and balance isnt so much a thing anymore? How does this vary by gender, age, pay grade etc?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Hand-Me-Down Chain  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 people with the objective of finding which traditions, possessions, and cultural beliefs are being passed down in this modern age. Are recipes passed more often than religious ceremonies? What type of objects (possessions) are highly valued within the family tree? Which traditions wont be passed down to the next generation? Which traditions do boomers/gen xers want their child(ren) to keep alive? Are certain demographics more likely to inherit objects while others are subjected to traditions? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
