Idea Title: Are You Using Your Degree  Idea Description: Theres more and more talk about whether college is truly useful or necessary. Lets survey 1k people with a college degree to see if theyre actually using it now for the line of work theyre in. Do they think their degree has been helpful? Helped them make more money? Get/keep their job? Given them a competitive advantage? Meet good contacts or network? Do they think their degree is useless? Waste of time and/or money? Would they go back and choose a different degree or no degree at all? Would love to see this by generation and industry.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Appearances vs Activity  Idea Description: Most of us are taught not to judge a book by its cover, however, but how many of us actually abide by this guideline? Is perceived aesthetic or attraction influenced by your own activity levels'Aihow does this differentiate among genders? I.E. does an active person care if their partner is just as active or if they look just as active? What are the most common reasons (intellect, creativity, etc.) for attraction for both people who maintain an active/fit lifestyle vs those who don 't'Aiwhere does fitness fall on their list of priorities?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wait, This is a Russian App?  Idea Description: Everyone was so about the latest FaceApp craze until it came it out it was from a Russian developer, but how often to we get cool apps and never read the details? To find out we 's survey people on how often they download apps without reading the access issues, how often they delete after learning things, and if they think deleting really makes a difference. Further, we\d look at how many people already feel their information is already out there so it doesn 't matter. We could break down these findings by age, demographic and gender.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Video Game Tech Scalpers and their effect on new tech launches  Idea Description: Its not a surprise anymore: new tech launches will always attracter scalpers. With the recent hubbub around the launch of the new Playstation and Xbox consoles (as well as the new line of Nvidia graphics cards for desktop computers), video game fans are in an uproar over the egregious price-jacking by scalpers.This project would scrape video game forums (particularly on reddit) and use natural language processing to identify the shift in mood immediately after a console launch to assess the effect of scalpers on discussions in forums.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Where to Find Marketing and Sales Clients  Idea Description: As more and more businesses begin to recover from the effects of the pandemic, data from the Small Business Pulse Survey indicates that many small businesses are looking to expand marketing and sales efforts.We can use data from the final rounds of the Small Business Pulse Survey to identify industries and states with high percentages of businesses looking to expand their marketing and online sales efforts. Wed gear this piece towards marketing and sales firms looking to get new clients and ride the (hopeful) post-COVID business boom.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: U.S. Companies and Cybercrime  Idea Description: Using Statista data we can put together a narrative about cyber security incidents in the U.S. by industry and sector, how these attacks are carried out, and the type of information being compromised.We can supplement this report with a short survey based on some of the findings, for example, the most common data exfiltration behaviors in 2020 insider threats were e-mail forwarding to personal e-mail account (44%) and misusing cloud collaboration privileges (16%). Lets ask our respondents how often they do these types of risky things.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Working out with coworkers  Idea Description: Lets survey people who work out with their coworkers on their perceived motivation and productivity at work. Does working out with a coworker increase ones workplace productivity? How about teamwork? We can look at people who meet up with their coworkers to exercise and people who take part in a workplace exercise program (like Fractls bootcamp and yoga). Id also love to explore the flipside in a smaller angle: Does workout and diet talk at the office annoy others or does it make them more likely to be motivated to workout as well?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Bachelor/Bachelorette Party Cost  Idea Description: The Knot recently said the average bachelorette party cost is somewhere near $3k. Which is a lot to spend in addition to everything else you need to buy for a wedding, but what is this money being spent on and how are people covering the costs. For this wed break down both Bachelor and Bachelorette costs to see how they genders are spending, how much theyre spending, how they paid for things and if it was worth it in the end. We could also breakdown the most popular party destinations for men and women and average lodging/ticket costs.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Security Vs Sentiment  Idea Description: How has sentiment changed regarding the tradeoffs between job satisfaction and job security?For this campaign, well survey people who are/were dissatisfied with their job, or who were considering a career/employer change, but have decided to stay put for the time being.What percentage of people are willing to sacrifice happiness for job security? How long do people who no longer plan to leave think theyre stuck there? Why do they think waiting is better? What percentage are still planning on leaving but doing it more cautiously?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whered you see that?  Idea Description: Recently, Steph Curry made news for saying he didnt think wed actually landed on the moon. This coming shortly after Kyrie Irving made waves by saying (and then not saying) he thought the earth was flat. So many of these conspiracy theories and contradictions to accepted science come from social media sharing. Youtube, facebook, even Pinterests gets in on this stuff. Where are people pulling these wild theories from? Lets see what things people believe and whether it was something shared on social media that brought them to that place  <|endoftext|>"
