Idea Title: Hottest Radio Voice  Idea Description: We all know about radio face. What about radio voice? Lets draw up a list of popular radio morning and evening shows and who hosts those shows. Lets ask people who listen to radio which voices they find most attractive? Why? What about the voice do they find appealing? // I wonder if we could also get demos of the voices and not include any identifiers in the survey and ask folks which voices they prefer and why? What does the voice make them feel? Do people find womens radio voices more attractive than they do men? Demographic data.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Link Between Inadequate Sleep and Adolescent Substance Abuse  Idea Description: According to the CDC, high school students should be receiving 8 to 10 hours of sleep a night. A project I previously worked on for Amerisleep found that nearly 71% of students are not getting enough sleep on school nights. For this project, lets tap the YRBS to see how factors such as drug, sex, and alcohol affect sleep patterns by different demographics like gender and sexuality as well as socioeconomic status. How do these nasty habits fluctuate from freshman to senior year? Are the students subject to bullying losing the most sleep?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tracking WFH employees  Idea Description: Employers monitoring employees is nothing new, but lets analyze how businesses are tracking employee productivity in the times were in with the COVID-19 outbreak. Id like to survey a sample of business owners/managers to find out how many are tracking their employees and what software/tracking technology theyre using.How many employees have been given a warning/let go due to their performance since beginning to WFH? Between video meetings, keyboard monitoring, email tracking, etc. I think theres plenty we can look into.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Outside the box interview applicants, what hiring managers like/hate  Idea Description: Weve had a handful of people come up with unique ways to get our attention when applying for jobs. Sending us a chair? a cake? Donuts? Following us around with retargeting ads on Facebook with their resume? There are tons of examples of creative ways people try and get a prospective employers attention. We would make a list of these methods, and then ask hiring managers how they would perceive these attempts. Would it make them want to interview the person? Write them off? Which are the best ways according to hiring managers? The worst?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Twitch Streamer Sentiment  Idea Description: From a streamers standpoint, theres nothing unusual about having to deal with trolls. Using SEMrushs Twitter scraper and sentiment analysis tool, lets identify Twitch streamer sentiment from online viewers. Which streamers have the highest percentage of positive tweets directed toward them? What are the most commonly used emojis in these tweets? Which streamer is more likely to get trolled online? Are female streamers more likely to experience negative comments on Twitter? How does online sentiment compare against streamer popularity?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Education Outcome Breakdown  Idea Description: Does it really pay to go to school? College degrees are often looked at as a necessity in order to land a high paying job. While this is probably true overall, does this apply for various industries. This campaign would take a dive into the popularity of specific programs of study across the past 50 years. We can then associate different degrees and the jobs they lead to in order to try and explain why certain degrees are becoming more sought-after than others. Potential Dataset: https://nces.ed.gov/programs/digest/current_tables.asp  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Adulting Through Others  Idea Description: Adulting can be hard but with the rise of the convenience market you can get away with not knowing or wanting to do X. How many are doing this to opt out of adulting? What 's the break down of the reason behind it (ie not wanting to v. not knowing how to) What 's the top adulting task that people would pay to get out off? (Both regular and outrageous) What 's the adulting task that they would pay the most to get out off? When the task is handed off how many would admit to friends and family of handing off? How many feel guilty? etc.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Perks of a Modern Workplace  Idea Description: Being a part of the Fractl family means we get to experience wonderful perks like doggy days, wine downs. But there are also perks enjoyed by employees of other companies such as designated areas for nap times, yoga, etc. For this campaign, we would survey people in traditional workplaces that are less of a lifestyle and more a solitary place you come to work and employees of businesses where there are more perks that align with wellbeing and lifestyle and learn how much of an impact these differing types of workplace environments are.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Millennial Myths About Home Buying  Idea Description: Millennials like myself have entered adulthood hearing that millennials will never have enough money to buy a home. As a result, I haven 't even considered how much more I\d need to save, etc. if it 's a lost cause. In reality, I might not need to save much longer for a down payment. Are other millennials like me? What are the most common misconceptions we have about the home buying process? What are the most common misunderstandings that other generations have about us? How many think we don 't want homes, can 't afford homes, etc?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Best Rated Sex Destinations  Idea Description: For this idea we would survey people how who have traveled to Top vacation destinations around the world. From Paris to New York City, which destination do participants rate the best, not only for travel, but their relationship and sex life? Are there destinations that entice more sex between partners? Is there one place that is more romantic, or sparked a new found love for their partner, had a new sexual experience, etc..? Lets get a solid number of participants for each getaway, who have traveled with a partner, to each destination.  <|endoftext|>"
