"Idea Title: Commute Style, by City  Idea Description: Where in the US are people most likely to carpool with one another? Are certain occupations more likely to carpool or drive 1+ hours to the job? Where are people actually filling up all the seats in their cars on the way to the office? Using IPUMS USA data, we can find out the answers to these questions and more about the average Americans commutes to work. We can also use this data set to see who is most likely to cross state or county lines to go to work, and which industries/cities/incomes have the longest and shortest commutes.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bringing Along A Slice of Home  Idea Description: Every now and then and depending on the job, going on a work trip happens for different reasons. Sometimes its a quick overnight or maybe a couple of weeks and it involves packing up little bits of our lives and going off on the journey. How do people make their work trips more comfortable? What are the items they bring from home? For instance, how many people bring along a favorite sweater or blanket, a humidifier or air purifier, a game console, etc.? This project would aim to explore this sense of bringing home comfort with you.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dream Home Improvements  Idea Description: If I had unlimited funds and time, theres quite a few things Id do to my place to improve it. Im sure there are MANY people who also have a lot of ideas of what theyd like to or need to in their home, from putting on new roofing, replacing kitchen floors, giving the living room a new coat of paint, or repaving the driveway. Lets conduct a simple survey of the top most desired and needed home improvements people are planning to or just wishing they could make. We could see how this varies by region, age of home, and generation.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Real Me  Idea Description: Life is full of ups and downs, but the moment you find something to take your mind off of your daily stressors, your mental health and physical health will begin to increase. For this particular project, lets see how many people use video games to destress from their day to day lives. For avid video gamers, what are their common stressors? Do they get picked on/ridiculed more frequently than those that dont play video games? Do they feel more comfortable playing online rather than interacting with others in real life? If so, why?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: You Havent Seen That Yet?  Idea Description: There are so many movies and tv shows that I want to start watching, but havent simply because I dont have the time. For this project lets gather a list of tv shows that people want to watch yet havent and see how long it will take them to complete the show/s they want to watch. This particular list will not only show the tv shows that people want to watch the most but also how long it will take them to watch the show in its entirety. We can also show how much data it will take to watch all of your favorite shows as well.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Future Movie Perceptions  Idea Description: There is no worse feeling of being let down when you have been wanting to see a particular movie for the longest time. The time it takes to build up a movie can be ruined in a split second. For this campaign lets have people give their true feelings about movies that are coming out 6 months - 12 months from now and see what they think of each movie. It would be interesting to see how the movie perceptions change with each demographic. For those that primarily watch action movies, what do they think of the next upcoming RomCom?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employer Pensions or 401Ks?  Idea Description: Pensions are something that I hear a lot about, but is something that I know that younger people such as myself have or will ever have. Instead, we have 401Ks. Theyre nice! But pensions definitely sound like the better way to go. For this survey, lets survey people about their thoughts on this topic. Would they prefer a 401k from their employer, or a pension? Do millennials think they will ever be offered a pension in their lifetime? Does how individualistic of a person you are determine whether you want a 401k over a pension?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Good Samaritans  Idea Description: Lets run a survey on Good Samaritans. How many people have been helped by someone when they were in need? (Perhaps this would be the specific sample size we use) Was it the first person who walked by, or did it take a bit of time? How desperate were they for help? Do people think Good Samaritans are still a thing or is it more something from the past? A higher goal for this campaign would be to see how many people feel there are still good left in people based on how readily people are/arent receiving help when its not required  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Evolving Your Side Hustle  Idea Description: How many people converted their side hobbies into actual businesses in the past few years? Because of COVID-19s effect on employment and businesses, people may be looking to optimize their side work and generate supplemental sources of income. Lets use a survey to explore how many people started selling their goods this past year, and how these past few months of the COVID-19 lockdown effected them. How many of them were able to grow this side job into a business? How many created robust sources of income over the last four months?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Funding Lifes Luxuries  Idea Description: Financially savvy people are likely to know that buying furniture above a certain price point or taking the most expensive cruise package is not the best financial decision but at the end of the day were human! How are smart financial people doing this? Are they renting out their second home? Driving for Lyft once in a while? How soon in advance do they start planning for it? If they want it essentially now how do they fund it? What are the top luxuries financially savvy people want despite knowing they have low or intangible ROI?  <|endoftext|>
