"Idea Title: Would you go to the doctor?  Idea Description: There are many times where you are unsure whether you need to seek medical treatment-a bad cold, a 2 day long headache, a sprained ankle. Is there a certain pain threshold or amount of time that people wait before seeking medical treatment for acute, but not too acute, ailments? Lets survey people about how bad something would have to be or how long something has to last before they seek treatment. Does this vary for men and women? What about generationally? Are you more likely to go to the doctor for a headache than for neck pain?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Getting Into College - Risers and Fallers  Idea Description: Colleges admissions rates and standards for GPA and SAT scores change over time, with some becoming more stringent, and others more lax. This would be a project that looks at difficulty of admissions as a criteria for school quality/popularity. We would seek to understand, using these metrics, which schools have changed the most over time by these measures. Which are on the fastest rise? Which are on the largest decrease? Can we use these numbers to understand things more generally about city or state level appeal of universities?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Power of the Review  Idea Description: How many people look at reviews for items theyre purchasing online but not for a restaurant theyre going to? What percentage of people always check reviews before making any sort of purchasing choice, and how does this change by generation? Are people who are less likely to read reviews before a purchase/experience more likely to leave a bad review after a bad experience? How helpful to the consumer vs damaging to a company do we believe reviews are? Do people believe they have the power to shutter a business through bad reviews?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Car Tech Features  Idea Description: What are the most sought out car features: Apps and phones replacing keys, autonomous driving, Apple CarPlay, backup camera, Bluetooth technology, steer collision avoidance? What are the best safety features we could not live without? Lane detection system has saved my life the most but what about auto braking, park assist, etc? What are the cutting-edge car features we could live without if it meant a lower costing car purchase? How does this vary by first time car buyers, parents buying a car for their children or for themselves?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Satisfied  Idea Description: What industries have the lowest and highest job satisfaction, and why? Is it connected to office perks? Workload? Income? Coworkers? Lets run an in-depth survey and find out what is most helping or hurting employees job satisfaction across industries. Barring a raise in income, what are the things that would increase employees job satisfaction the most? Gratitude from their boss? More hired employees to help divy up the workload? Lets find out what most contributes to the (dis)satisfaction of employees, by industry and income.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I Live in a Tiny Home and Im Proud  Idea Description: Let survey people about anything and everything they have to say about living in a tiny home. Why did they choose to live in one? What are their favorite parts of the tiny home lifestyle? What are the biggest perks? What confessions do they have about things they didnt expect? How many feel elements of shame or embarrassment when telling people they live in a tiny home, or inviting them over?http://whisper.sh/stories/0a1ac84a-b031-4e1e-871a-67ef37dfbdea/Tiny-House-Living-Home-Owners-Reveal-If-Its-Really-All-Its-Cracked-U  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sexual Satisfaction by Relationship Type  Idea Description: It is what it sounds like. Well compare sexual habits and satisfaction between various types of couples (dating, married, fwb, etc...) by comparing responses from people in each type of relationship. Well also factor in other aspects/benefits of relationships since sex isnt all that matters (ex: friends with benefits might have kinky/exciting sex but not feel as satisfied/connected/fulfilled). Well also add gender comparisons because itll probably be really interesting to see which relationship type benefits men or women more.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: How Many Internships?  Idea Description: How many internships do you need for an entry level job? I recently saw a piece that cited that the average hiring manager requires an applicant to have 3 separate internship experiences to be considered for an entry level (read: no experience) job. Lets survey people to see how many internships they had before their first real job and see how many internships they think are necessary to snag a job. Does paid vs. unpaid matter? We could also ask hiring managers how many internships they expect to see on an entry level application  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Adopting v. Shopping for Pets  Idea Description: In more recent times, theres been a growing awareness about the potential dangers of buying pets, especially puppies. At the same time, more and more people are looking for hypoallergenic breeds , which usually come from specialty breeders. Lets survey dog owners about the reasons why they shopped v. adopted, and whether or not they plan to do something differently in the future. Did shoppers first look for their preferred breed in shelters but just couldnt find it? How many people think breeding/pet stores should be banned?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hot Weather, Sleep, Productivity  Idea Description: Hot weather makes me irritable, and difficult to sleep. I need the AC on 72 to feel comfortable at night. Since many people are beginning to experience the effects of warm weather, it makes sense to explore the connection between hot weather and various aspects of our lives, including sleep quality. In typical John fashion, lets break down how increased temperature affects our lives -- sleep, mental and physical well-being, productivity and work, relationships, and explore the interesting/surprising connections and callouts.  <|endoftext|>"
