"Idea Title: Time to Cash in for College Athletes?  Idea Description: After a years-long debate about whether college athletes should be paid for the use of their image, name, and likeness, it seems like the NCAA is *finally* signaling that this could actually happen soon. Lets survey the general public, sports fans and non-fans alike, on the potential of this. Do they think itd a long-overdue development? Or do people still have misgivings about college athletes making sponsorship and endorsement money? What advantages and disadvantages do people see in it? How many people dont care at all?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Does Your Ex Compare?  Idea Description: Regardless of current or past relationships, we always tend to compare our current partner to the exes weve had in the past. For this project, lets see how many people in relationships would prefer their ex when it comes to certain things. This campaign will show the progression of relationships from one partner to the next.How does drug use frequency, sex life, overall happiness, relationship satisfaction, etc. change from one partner to the next? Are we learning from our past mistakes? This campaign will determine that!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Work You vs Home You  Idea Description: How many people are there complete and honest selves at work? How many people feel comfortable talking about the details of there personal lives (partners, kids, hobbies, etc) with coworkers? How many people know that their coworkers or boss follows them on 1 or more social media accounts, and do you censor what you post because of it? Do your coworkers or your non-work friends know you better? We see our coworkers every day, but do you feel comfortable sharing the same details with them that you would with your non-work friends?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Benefits of an Electric Vehicle  Idea Description: Many people purchase electric vehicles in the interest of their finances, but does it always work out that way? Lets look into the specifics--cost of electricity if charging at home/public charging, cost of the vehicle, increased insurance, ect. of electric vehicles and set the record straight on whether or not an electric car is really in the average persons best interest. If so, how long does it take before an electric car becomes profitable? How does what state you live in (considering gas prices and EV rebates) affect this?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Homes Changing Hands After Crimes  Idea Description: After a home robbery, people feel violated and unsafe in their home. How much time passes before a homeowner sells their home after experiencing something as traumatic as a home robbery? For this, we would gather crime data from a specific area, and compare it to Zillow data in order to track when a crime occurred, and how soon after the house was sold. Specific city open data has crime down to the address. We could also combine this with a simple survey of what people think they would do if something like this happened to them.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Rewatched Shows  Idea Description: Ive watched many of my favorite shows multiple times. Even with movies, I feel like I miss some things the first time around. Most recently, The Irishman was better the second time through.In writing this, I found a 2018 report that Netflix put out https://www.digitalspy.com/movies/a25544396/netflix-most-watched-movies-2018-rewatched/, but perhaps we could expand this research to include other services.I think it would be fun to ask people how many rewatch movies + shows and rank which ones get the most second+ viewings  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Not My Favorite Show!!  Idea Description: Many people binge their favorite show over and over again (ex. Friends, the Office, Fraiser, etc.). But what happens when the services currently streaming them announce theyre leaving the platform?For this campaign, lets explore how people react when a service like Netflix or Hulu is taking off their favorite series or movies. How many people would ditch the service all together if their favorite show wasnt there? How many search for the series on another service? How many would buy a dvd set of the series just to have it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Travel with Kids  Idea Description: How are parents travelling with their kids? Are they going with a road trip or do they fly? How do parents keep their kids busy and happy during traveling, do they bring toys, let them watch movies, or play video games?Which cities are the friendliest to travel to with kids? Are there issues when trying to find a hotel or rental to stay at when you bring kids? Are parents looking to expose their kids to culture (museums for example) or are they looking towards amusements parks, or natural parks and hiking/ camping vacations.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What would you do if you didnt have to sleep?  Idea Description: Lets ask people what they would do with their time if they did not have to sleep. There are numerous different consequences that could arise from never having to sleep. With more available hours in the day, would people be more willing to work longer? With the extra time would people work out more, pick up a new hobby, or spend more time with family and friends? Would people still eat breakfast or would they eat more than three meals a day? And if sleeping was still an option, but no necessary, how many people would still sleep?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Improvements: For You or The Market?  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would survey people to determine what parts of their home are they willing to spend money even if it doesnt add to the value of their home. Many people see their home only as investment, and will only make changes that improve but some people like to go the extra mile to increase their appreciation of their property. We try to determine how that varies by gender, geo, etc.. which parts of the room people are willing to spend extra on? We would also HARO some realtors ask them their thoughts on the results.  <|endoftext|>"
