"Idea Title: Perceptions of DNA Privacy and Results  Idea Description: For this idea, we would ask 1000 participants questions surrounding DNA privacy 'Ai For example, did you know 23 and Me asks if you would like to opt out of sharing your DNA with their internal research initiatives. Are most people comfortable with sharing this? Further we would ask people who HAVE taken these tests what types of shocking results theyve received. How many participants found out they come from a region of the world they didnt expect? Had a lost family member, or even if their father was not their biological?!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Undiagnosed  Idea Description: How many people believe they have an allergy or a sickness but either havent been formally diagnosed or believe they have this allergy regardless of a negative diagnosis? In this campaign well survey people who believe they have an undiagnosed condition. Well ask them what steps they took to deal with the problem and paths of treatment. Well ask about common setbacks for proper diagnosis (cost, unclear about steps needed, types of doctors.) How many people feel mis-diagnosed? What are common illnesses? Symptoms and severity?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Techs Effect on Physical Activity  Idea Description: does the ease-of-access of tech make us lazy? Does it make us more productive? weve seen the impact of apps and fitness trackers on fitness, but what about how other ways we use tech like how much time ppl spend on the screen and tv effect physical activity? according to the medical news bulletin (https://www.medicalnewsbulletin.com/technology-physical-activity-levels-students/) high technology use, primarily by using a smartphone, was associated with higher activity levels. (which youd think it would be the other way around)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tricked Out  Idea Description: How much money are people paying to trick out their avatars, weapons, upgrades and overall player experience? Between skins, upgraded weapons, and boosters, whats the average gamer spending? Would those amount total to more than theyd spend on their own outfits? How much does the average gamer spend on their gaming persona vs actual game play? Lets survey gamers to see how much they spend on average per day per week on their online marketplaces. Which games are they buying more for? Do those that spend more also win more?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Nightmares Decoded  Idea Description: There are some strangely universal themes in nightmares that must be stored in the collective consciousness of humanity. The way that people interpret these symbols varies significantly (dream dictionaries are notoriously varied & conflicting). Geography, religion, and gender are just some variables that will impact how people understand these striking phenomenon. I think it would be a fascinating window into other cultures to see how they interpret common nightmare scenarios (as demons? as signs from god? as truth to live by?)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: From Yours to Ours  Idea Description: Relationship timelines can be tricky--- especially in todays age, but at what point to finances come into play. For this studied wed survey millennials in different relationship (or casually dating) stages to see how finances are divided up. Are most couples splitting things evenly using venmo? How is rent divided once a move-in happens? At what point do they consider joint-banking? We could also explore the idea of prenups to protect finances in the world of student debt. Could also do a tie-in of relationship satisfaction.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Purchasing Using Social Media  Idea Description: In the past couple of months I have seen an uptick of sponsored ads on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook. Its very annoying but I guarantee that its very effective. For this particular campaign lets survey people that have purchased various thing through social media. How much are they spending and how frequently do they purchase through social media platforms? On a scale of annoying to effective, what do consumers think of these ads? Which social media platform are consumers most likely to purchase from? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Game of Thrones Fan Fiction Analysis  Idea Description: Its been a long wait for the new season for fans of Game of Thrones, so has the anticipation driven them to begin writing new plot lines? Lets analyze GOT fan fiction forums to see when the most popular posts were written and when the most posts were written over time. How does this compare to other popular series? Does this show inspire more fan fiction due to its fantastical nature? We could also find out which shows and movies fans tend to cross Game of Thrones with? Is it Harry Potter? LOTR? Something entirely different?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Allowances Abroad  Idea Description: Do your values, when it comes to sleeping someone, doing drugs and drinking change when you travel? Meeting a foreign lover on vacation is a fantasy for tons of people, but how many people actually allow for a no rules break when dating abroad. We can look at if they change their values, what the numbers look like partner-wise and if foreign travel or domestic travel make a difference. Maybe even look at if the number of STD diagnoses increase during travel heavy months such as summer months, December and March (spring break?)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Late-Night NFL Fandom  Idea Description: Just like [this Mattress Advisor](https://www.mattressadvisor.com/nfl-teams-people-lose-sleep/) campaign, we would look at sleep and how it relates to NFL fandom. But rather than gathering data through a survey execution, we would corral a bunch of data from Reddit to see which fan base is active late into game nights the most. We could look at the fans during the regular season and the playoffs. We can see how it compares to non-game nights. We can relate how late fans stayed up depending on whether they won the game or not.  <|endoftext|>"
