"Idea Title: Sleepovers by Generation  Idea Description: Sleepovers used to be commonplace for children and teens. Has that changed in the digital age? Staying up late, making prank phone calls, watching movies...many people must have fond memories of their childhood sleepovers. But now that many adolescents have their own cell phones today, has the potential for unfettered access to the internet and social media changed parental outlooks on sleepovers?We can conduct a generational survey to see how millennials, gen x, gen z, feel about letting their children have sleepovers  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Relief Funds Search Tool  Idea Description: There are local and federal efforts to help people who are suddenly out of work, or anticipating a smaller paycheck. The relief funds offered are scattered throughout the internet, but what if we built a search tool that allowed people to search relief funds by industry easily? What if we were able to collect all local funds by state and have a map that showed how many were offered? This is not a good keypath idea but it came to me as I was thinking about business impact. Maybe its something we can do for another client.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Productive CoWorking Spaces  Idea Description: With the rise of WeWork and the subsequnt scandal, lets talk about coworking spaces and ask what makes them productive. Statisa has data on wework locations we can also scrap review sites (google) to find out what makes a coworking space good according to the reviews. We can also look into wha states have the most coworking spacesWhich coworking spaces are the most successful for their locationHow much do they cost?Lets examine membership based coworking spacesLets examine the most expensive coworking spaces  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Thrifty Nation  Idea Description: Buying used is in but what places have the most thrift stores, used books, opportunities to do this? Using a similar methodology to Most Popular Business Times lets scrape Yelp for thrift and used book stores and get location, and rating to see where in the U.S. there are the most thrift and used bookstores, and which place has the highest ratings. (There might be other categories that would fall into this probably work with promotions on other possible ones https://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v3/all_category_list)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dieting by Occasion  Idea Description: Have you ever heard someone going on a diet for their own birthday party? Its not uncommon for people to get fit for a wedding or a cruise, to fit into that dress for their birthday. Lets survey 1,000 people to see how many people are dieters by occasion, and what occasions they find themselves tightening their diets and working out more for? Big weekend events, reunions, public speaking arrangements, a trip with a significant other? How long do they engage in last-minute dieting and how many pounds do they strive to lose?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Affordability and Price to Income Ratio  Idea Description: Zillow offers cool historical data for a LOT of major cities in the US where it assigns them a score for price to income, mortgage affordability, and rent affordability for 1979 to 2019. In some cases you can track the rise in prices/affordability (especially in the case of CA) and can track just how affordable or affordable these places are now compared to more then 20 years ago. We can have a map (and maybe animate it to show over time?) and color code it to show whats gotten more or less affordable over time.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Actual Cost of Streaming Compared to Cable  Idea Description: So theres a lot of speculation that with so many streaming services were now paying as much for them as we would a Cable plan 'Ai Well are we? For this idea we would survey 1,000 Americans who cut the chord from cable and add up all their subscription costs. Does the average person pay more, or are we still paying less? Will this project be a lesson for those who are buying all of these services, or for those still attached to Cable- to finally cut the chord, while sending a message to big cable about lowering their costs?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Make-Up Sex, Explained  Idea Description: Survey-based execution of 1,000 couples (Americans and Brits) to see how many lovers get horny after fighting with their significant other. How does the source of fight effect the sex satisfaction? Do major fights lead to better, rougher sex? Do smaller transaction lead to average sex? What percentage agree that make-up sex is a good form of closure? Does it serve as a reset? How many continue to fight after? What are the benefits and drawbacks? Additionally, we can ask the same questions with a focus on break-up sex instead.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Using Twitter to Track the Sleep Schedules of the Rich and Famous  Idea Description: Lets use the Twitter API to scrape all tweets posted since a certain date by the rich and powerful people who are active on Twitter. The idea will be to track when theyre posting to try and pin down their sleep schedules. How erratic are their sleep schedules? How much less do they apparently sleep than normal people? How significant is the variation between types of celebrity sleep schedules (posting during regular waking hours vs only posting late at night vs extremely erratic), and what do they tell us about the posters?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Fur Bebes vs Real Bebes: Tech Security  Idea Description: People FIERCELY love their pets...until they have kids. And then they FIERCELY love their kids. Wed all go through whatever lengths we could to keep either (or both) safe. Lets survey people on what measures they take to secure their home and compare responses from parents vs pet owners. How many parents check-in on their nanny cam vs their pet cam? How many have robust security options? How many report their kid or their pet as their reason why they use security? Does it help with the human adults separation anxiety?  <|endoftext|>
