"Idea Title: Following Content  Idea Description: With Disney+ set to launch in the beginning of 2019, Disney has already pulled the majority of its content from Netflix, with the rest to come off as contracts expire probably never to return. It has also teased exclusive content through its service, like the Rogue One prequel. For serious fans of any Disney property, this is a huge draw. How will this affect fans willingness to subscribe to new platforms? Which franchises would cause the most fans to subscribe? At what price? Will they still keep Netflix/Hulu/Amazon Prime?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: At Risk in the Home  Idea Description: We put ourselves in front of unnecessary risks on a daily basis. For this survey we would ask people about the risky habits they have (or have witnessed) in and around the home. How many people leave candles burning? Clothing on the floor in walk ways? Stairs without baby gates? (if children in the home). For this idea we would have survey respondents assess risk in their homes by answering a series of questions more top level and more in-depth about their habits and then about their perceptions of their safety, to compare.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Embracing Aging  Idea Description: Let do a dataset + survey campaign on the positive benefits on aging. We can link this with the NCHS death rates and life expectancy dataset to have starter assets on how long genders are living compared to how long they lived back to the 1900s. For the survey, we can explore: what do gen xers and baby boomers say the best things about aging are, that they maybe didnt expect? What percentage of them actually embrace and celebrate aging? What mental and physical aspects do they say have gotten better as theyve aged?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What makes the best boss  Idea Description: In this campaign, we would survey people all about their bosses, relationships with them (and if theyre fully appropriate), friendships, satisfaction levels with different micromanagement styles, and find out a bunch of interesting things: 1. What makes the best boss2. Whether age differences matter for how much you respect your boss3. Attractions, relationships, and bosses. 4. Opposite sex bosses - do men prefer women or men? Same q for women. 5. Ever stayed in a job because of a boss? Quit because of a boss?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Active Streaming Fanbases  Idea Description: Lets look at the top shows on the major streaming services such as HBO, Netflix, Hulu, Prime Video, etc... Then lets locate their subreddit communities, scrape that data with time stamps to see how active these communities are. How many are expressing positive show sentiment, and how many are down on their shows? Which characters do we see constantly mentioned, in conversation, and which episodes are talked about? We will measure comments and posts and also point out what the most talked about topic was for each fanbase.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Car Recovery Rate by State  Idea Description: Using the FBI API (CDE) we can analyze stolen vehicle counts as well as recovered vehicles by state, we can even go as granularly as the police agency (which is either town or county, I can 't remember). Within the CDE are also stolen value recovered amounts, specifically about cars. We can see which states have the best recovery rates, and which years we recovered the most of our stolen money back. What 's the average stolen vehicle value amount? Which state has the highest? Which state has the highest average recovered?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Small Businesses Behavior During Pandemic  Idea Description: How can small businesses weather the COVID-19 storm? Which industries have been more vulnerable? What adjustments had to be made and how their behaviors have changed to overcome challenges?For this campaign, lets explore the existing challenges, from those who work in small businesses, during the pandemic, what changes they have had to make to stay afloat, and those who had to stop operations. Lets ask for testimonies that could serve as motivation/help for those who are still going through this and living day-to-day.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Years in the Making  Idea Description: Sometimes there are things so dear to you that youre willing to wait years to make sure they come out just right. What is the purchase, event, or trip that you would spend years saving up for? When did you make the decision? Why/ What makes it so important that you want to commit to saving up for it? How many years do you expect to be saving up for it? For those who have already done it? Did you save up for longer than you expected? How satisfied were you? *Taking inspo from onsite article about saving up to go to Paris*  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financing Opinions  Idea Description: When I was living abroad in Europe, people were often fascinated by the plethora of credit cards in my wallet (including how crazy they all looked e.g. the see-through AMEX) and the idea of using credit so freely and for so many items freaked them out. Weve seen that the UK doesnt rely on credit the same way Americans do. This campaign would aim to expand on that: What items would be okay to use credit on or take a loan on to afford? home? car? weddings? vacations? We would survey the U.S. and UK to answer this question.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: An Abstinent Persons Perspective of Life  Idea Description: For those that refrain from drinking or doing drugs, what is your perspective of life? How does your lifestyle differ from those that choose to drink and do drugs? Do you think you have a better life satisfaction rating than those that do drugs and drink alcohol? How would you rate your quality of life/fitness level? This campaign will determine if those that refrain from drugs and alcohol are report to having a higher life satisfaction rating in terms of their relationships, physical health and mental health as well.  <|endoftext|>"
