"Idea Title: Liberty and Safety, Both or Neither?  Idea Description: Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety. - Big Benjamin FranklinWe will conduct a survey to assess people 's inclination when liberty and safety are placed at odds. We will ask how they feel about Benjamin Franklin 's quote, and then ask them to give their feelings on several scenarios that pit liberty against safety without outwardly saying it. Will their feelings on Franklin 's sentiment align with their preferred real world application?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Evolution of Small Business  Idea Description: Lets use Census business data to track the financials of small business in America. It spans 1986 through 2017, so we can go pretty far back to see how many small businesses are in operation, how many people are employed, wages compared to the broader economy, and most importantly, increasing values of small businesses.Client wants to place an emphasis on things that matter to people, and also specifically mentioned small businesses, so I think looking at the value of small businesses combines both of those tidily.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Employer Work from Home Fears  Idea Description: Giving employees WFH, or moving entirely to WFH, isnt always a matter of if the company can do it logistically or if their business model is made for it. Its also a question of fears of the employer about the ability of their employees to continue to work well under remote conditions and still perform their jobs well. This would be an employer survey about the worries and concerns of employers when they have considered (or even if they have done) extensive WFH. For those that have allowed it, were their fears unfounded?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Important is your Bedroom Door?  Idea Description: Some people are very specific about the position of the doors in their house before they go to sleep. Making sure all external doors are locked, and then having their bedroom door closed, or only slightly ajar, but never wide open. People will get out of bed on the brink of sleep to adjust the status of their doors. What motivates some people to be particular about this, while others couldnt care less? Lets use a validated scale in combination with other relevant survey questions to draw conclusions about respondents.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Why We Stream  Idea Description: Recently, AOC campaigned and fundraised for transgender rights on Twitch and spurred this conversation around this new media and its potential to influence not only users but the gaming industry. Lets ask people why they stream, how long they spend streaming vs gaming, how much money they spend, how many streams have they watched and never played the game themselves, are the comfortable with it being used as a different medium for ads or campaigning like what AOC did. We can cross this by gender, age, employment, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Fastest Growing Occupations Salaries  Idea Description: Looking at the fastest growing industries in the US https://www.bls.gov/emp/images/growing_occupations.pngLets explore income in IPUMS over time. Which cities are paying the most in these growing industries? Has the average income over time increased with its popularity among employment. This is not looking at the growth of the industries but instead looking at the salaries of these industries and where people could go and get paid the most. We can also look at gender pay and biggest increases in salary overtime.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Analysis of NHTSAs Office of Defects Investigation (ODI) Complaints Dataset  Idea Description: This dataset includes over 1,123,0627 rows of data dating from 1994 of complaints submitted to the NHTSA with information on the make and model associated the complaint, what type of complaint was filed, whether the incident was in a fire (need to reach out and clarification on whether this variable--which is simply described as--WAS VEHICLE INVOLVED IN A FIRE Y OR N--means the car has generally been involved in a fire before or if the fire is associated with the complaint, ect., whether there were fatalities, ect.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Family Gatherings  Idea Description: How many of us enjoy family gatherings? How many of us enjoy our couples family gatherings? Today it has become less common to meet with family as we did before the pandemic. I think it would be interesting to explore how different demos are handling it. Who misses it or is relieved not to have to spend time with their partners family? Who keeps meeting? Do they take social distancing measures when they do? Which ones? Are they thinking about their older relatives health when they gather all together? Lets find out!  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Craziest Things People Have Done to Get to Sleep  Idea Description: Similar to our recent Craziest Things People Have Done to Lose Weight campaign for Renew Bariatrics, lets poll people to see the lengths that people go through to get sleep and what the most effective methods are. We can also compared preventative measure versus reactionary measures. How effective do people find not looking at electronics before bed compared to flipping their pillow over in the night? We can also ask what is preventing people from sleeping to see if its anxiety, children, workload, or something else.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: This is for your future  Idea Description: What are people whose families (parents/grandparents) opened CD accounts for them doing with the money now? At what age did their family member open the CD? What was the interest rate agreement? Did their family member demand/ask that they spend the money on something specific? A business? College? House? Wedding? Have they fulfilled that promise? How did it feel when they were able to take the money out? Did they think having a CD account was beneficial? Are they willing to do the same thing for their (grand)children?  <|endoftext|>
