"Idea Title: Coastal vs. Mainland  Idea Description: Its no secret hurricanes are occuring more frequently. But how is this impacting our perceptions of climate change? For this campaign, wed survey 500 Americans who live far away from the coast, and 500 Americans who live within driving distance. Does this proximity impact their opinion on climate change? How big of a threat do they think it is? Is climate change already impacting their insurance premiums? Are there differences in opinion between Rebublicans who live close to the coast and those farther inland?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Productive and Healthy Weekends  Idea Description: Weekend Warriors unite! You wake up Saturday AM and are prepared to get all your errands done, send a few work emails, clean and then date night. But do we really ever get all of our weekend tasks done or are we more likely to sit on the couch and veg? Of the people with active vs passive weekends -- who is more rested by Monday? Who feels the most stress? What are the weekend activities that people report set them up best for the week ahead? What are the common things that prevent us from having a great weekend?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wealthy Women  Idea Description: Although there is still some work left to do, women have made incredible strides towards forward in society during the past few decades. Are women getting richer? We can analyze the % change of Forbes richest people lists over time to see if the women nominated are comparatively wealthier now than in years prior (adjusted for inflation). If there are women that made the list more than once, we can examine their individual progress. If its not too controversial, we can make broad comparisons between genders as well.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Beautiful Women Searches on Google  Idea Description: Have you ever typed beautiful women or attractive man in google? The results are extremely interesting and controversial... For this idea, we would type in terms similar to these and collect data on the images displayed. % of images out of the first 200 that have X-eye color? % of beautiful women who are various demographics? This idea would tap into this easy to access, yet controversial data source and create rankings for various terms, exposing the more taboo imagery presented to every day Google searchers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Relationship/Finances Timeline  Idea Description: Inspired by Chris Lewis texting timeline from his entire relationship with his fiance, lets run a survey asking people in relationships to map both their relationship milestones and financial milestones. We could create average timelines based on different demos such as gender, generation, sexuality, length of the relationship, etc. I think it would not only make a super cool visual, but it could also give us some super interesting takeaways about how finances and relationships intertwine at difference intervals.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Evac Plans by Situation  Idea Description: How many Americans know what to do in a nuclear fallout? A shooting in a building? During an epidemic/outbreak? Various natural disasters? For this campaign, well use Homeland Securitys various guides and research to see how well people know how to stay safe in different situations. Do Americans know more about staying safe in active shooter situations than they do in hurricanes or tornadoes? How much do people fear these things actually happening and how does preparedness correlate to to fear, if it does at all?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Entrepreneurship Dreams Put on Hold  Idea Description: I believe in Prolifics entreprenuership screener, you can filter for people who report wanting to become an entrepreneur in the future. Lets tap into this niche population to see how COVID-19 has impacted their dreams for entrepreneurship.Are people putting their entrepreneur goals on hold due to the crisis? Are people scrapping them altogether? If they are still holding onto the dream, when do they anticipate going for it? Are they actively trying to build a business right now, even with the pandemic raging?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bringing Home The Bacon  Idea Description: If you have ever seen the movie The Intern you will understand the complexities of one spouse making more money than the other. For this campaign let 's get a better understanding of how relationships differ when one person makes more money than the other. Are men more likely to cheat when their spouse makes more money? Do men feel less of a man when their wife or SO makes more money? On the flip side, how do women feel when their partner makes more money? Let 's find out how income can ruin a relationship.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Diets & Supplements  Idea Description: Lets survey people about their use of diets and supplements. Which ones are most popular, what goals do people have that take them? What diets are most popular among various generations? Are millennials mainly vegan? What motivates people to use diets and supplements, do they also work out or just try to take a shortcut? What fears and thoughts lie beneath their goals to take supplements or go on a diet? Is it low self esteem, health conditions, the wish to live healthier? Lets explore all this in a survey.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confessions of a Cheater  Idea Description: We are in the school system for a good chunk of time. Its normally at least a decade, but it can even go on for a couple decades sometimes. What Im getting at is that we spend a ton of time in school, and it is inevitable that some point in time we had to cheat. Whether it be on a piece of homework, a quiz, a test or a project, we at some point had to resort to outsourcing our answers/work. For this campaign, lets dig into the motivations, targets, consequences and more the lie behind cheating in the classroom.  <|endoftext|>"
