"Idea Title: Dress Code  Idea Description: How seriously do people take their jobs based on what they have to wear to work each day? Do people who wear business formal to work take their job more seriously than those who can wear business casual or casual? We can view this by salary so that we\re not just getting the people with serious jobs are more serious about them so it will be income based, since most lawyers have to wear business formal (as an example) so going by industry wouldn 't really work unless that industry has a wide ranging dress code  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I can sleep when Im dead  Idea Description: As the saying goes, many of us sacrifice sleep to get more done throughout the day, but is this really beneficial? Lets survey 1,000 people on their sleeping habits to determine if people who sleep less are more productive in the long run. We can look at finances, relationships, goals, careers, travel, etc. if wed like. Also, an idea to include is the best time of day to begin and best time to go to sleep to get the most done. Weve done something similar in the past, but we could include one asset on this.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: The Price of Fitness  Idea Description: Really great Vox article about how the price of boutique fitness is deliberately exacerbating the obesity epidemic in the U.S. (https://www.vox.com/science-and-health/2017/1/4/13982272/exercise-inequality-luxury-gyms-cheap-workout-spaces) I think itd be interesting to look at how much people spend on fitness memberships and if this varies across the U.S. This could also go in combination with the recent CDC data about how obesity is steadily increasing: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhsr/nhsr122-508.pdf  <|endoftext|>
Idea Title: In it for the long haul?  Idea Description: The belief is that millennials hop from one workplace to another but its cheaper for businesses to RETAIN their hires so what gives? Lets survey people on if they plan to be at their job for the long haul. We can look at this by length at current company as well as other demos. Asking supplementary questions about their habits and work styles: how often are they late? how many days have they taken off this year? how frequently do they work overtime? This way we can compare answers between lifers vs temporaries  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Body Image Improvements  Idea Description: Although youth is prized and held up as the standard of beauty in our society, how do older people actually feel about their bodies and their looks? Does comfort and acceptance of ones self come with age?Lets survey people of all generations and ask them to rate their overall comfort and acceptance of their physical appearance. What do they see as their best feature? Which feature do they most feel like they need to improve? How does this vary by generation? How does it vary by time spent on social media?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Rental Car Confessions  Idea Description: Wed survey 1,000 people and ask about things theyve done in a rental car. Are people treating the cars more carefully because theyre borrowing it, or are people treating the cars poorly because theres less accountability? Potential assets: 1. Do you use the recommended gas (premium, regular, etc)?2. What infractions have you done in a rental car (check all: hooked up, smoked, spilled something, etc)3. What infractions have you done on the road (check all: sped, curbed the car, collision damage, etc)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Personalities  Idea Description: Theres night owls and early risers, but are these styles of sleeping more common among certain personality types (Myers Briggs)? How many hours are considered ideal for each personality type/ sleeping style (early riser/ night owl)? What are their ideal bed times and wake up times? How many hours of sleep do night owls need to feel productive the next day and how does that differ from early risers? What about HOW theyre waking up'Aiare they hitting the snooze button 6+ times, waking up before their alarm, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Too sexy for work?  Idea Description: Its a lot harder for women to dress appropriately for work than men, partly because there are so many choices. But where is the line? How lowcut can a shirt or skirt be before it crosses the line? Which clothes are the most inappropriate? Are there certain clothes women would want to wear but feel like they cant because of how others perceive them? How many women feel like their sex appeal has hurt them at work? For this project, we would survey people about different clothes and compare the results by gender.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I need to get that checked  Idea Description: When the check engine light comes on, how long does the Average person wait before taking their car in? Are Americans good about getting their oil changed every three months? What about changing tires? What are the top reasons people give for putting off taking care of their car? Does this change based on what type of car you drive? Are people who own expensive cars actually worse about maintaining them? What about by car type?This is similar to a campaign we did about putting off doctor visits that did well  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Extroverts vs. Introverts in the Office  Idea Description: The workplace has a wide range of personality types but who will usually thrive in the office? What is the average number of friends introverts and extroverts make in the office? Are extroverts generally making more in their industry? How many attend or avoid optional office functions: holiday parties, corporate events, etc. How are managers dealing with different personality types in the workplace so everyone can work cohesively? Do introverts have a more realistic viewpoint of their abilities and and skillset?  <|endoftext|>"
