Idea Title: The cost of bells and whistles  Idea Description: Do you need all wheel drive if you live in Manhattan? Whats the point of a V8 if youre just riding around the suburbs? And does a moon roof make sense if you only open it twice a year? Lets see what kind of value people are getting from their cars and what kind of features theyre fully maximizing. Crossing this with a value judgment of what they *should* be focusing on in terms of their cars (and what they value from them) will help us see how much money people are wasting on unnecessary and unused features.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: House Swapping Around the World  Idea Description: The way a lot of people make extra cash or afford vacations in general if through house swaps or Air BnB. Lets scrape the most popular destinations for both and see which locations/style of housing is most popular. If youve swapped houses once, would you do it again? What are main concerns about opening up your home to strangers. Any horror stories? How do you make you Air BnB ratings go up in order to make the most amount of cash? At what point is the ware and tear on your property not worth the extra cash?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Deprivation in the Workplace  Idea Description: Businesses and workplaces are realizing that sleep deprivation of employees often has negative effects for the company itself (e.g., losing money by employees making more mistakes). Lets survey employers on how much of a problem sleep loss of employees is, what issues are most common to be caused by it, what industries have the most sleep deprived employees, what solutions do the employers turn to and what in terms of new technologies (sleep pods, nap times,...) would they be willing to try in their company?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Afraid to Bring Someone Home  Idea Description: So you met someone at the bar and you really hit things off. Unfortunately, you still live with your mom. Are you gonna bring them home? Are you gonna insist on their place? Maybe you just get their number and delay hanging out? How long will people delay telling others about who they live with? What percent of people would care? Has it ever been awkward for anyone and does that affect what they would decide going forward? What else are people afraid to bring someone home to? A roomate? A dirty apartment? Etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Customer Service Pet Peeves - What Creates the Most Hate  Idea Description: What parts of a customer service problem/interaction is the most irritating, frustrating, and/or makes you hate that company and want to stop using their business. Is it when they ask you to type in info on your phone, then ask the same thing? What about having to verify to the nth degree? What are the pain points, and how do they specifically impact the percception of brands?How many people have yelled at a customer service rep? Who treats them well/badly? How is this different between demographics?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Abusing Handicap Ammenities  Idea Description: Lets be real, weve all hopped into the handicap stall before when out. But how many people have walked out and seen someone who actually needs the stall? How do they feel when they see that?Who will admit to parking in a handicap spot because they just had to run in somewhere?Maybe someone has a handicap sticker for a relative, well who uses it when that person isnt there? Lets survey people about their use of handicap amenities and if they think about inconveniencing the people who actually need it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Uncomfortable Social Situations  Idea Description: During life as a human, sometimes things get awkward and uncomfortable. No matter how hard we try, we cannot avoid it.Lets survey people to see which situations in life are truly the most uncomfortable for various age groups and genders. Here are some possible situations:- first dates- not knowing someones name- talking to your kids about sex - accidentally farting in an inappropriate place- public speaking - and many more This will show which groups are most at-ease when times get weird.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Hidden Costs of Moving  Idea Description: Whether its cross-country or down the street, moving households is stressful and expensive. However, there are so many tiny details about moving that can be overlooked - making the move more expensive as a result.If we surveyed 1,000 people whove moved recently, what might we learn about unanticipated moving costs? What would they have done differently? Are there any trends among different generations for how they approach moves (i.e. more millennials are moving themselves compared to older generations)?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Neighborhoods  Idea Description: Using the American Housing Survey, lets look at the neighborhood data for the nation. We can analyze the number of homes near a body of water, if there are vandalized/abandoned buildings, or trash/litter on the streets all within one 1/2 block. Theres also data about the opinions of the neighborhood (overall, level of crime, safety, good transit services, etc.). We can breakdown by household income, age of householder and more. There are no regional breakdowns, unfortunately the data is too old (2013-2015).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Straight As and Career Success  Idea Description: If youve measured success your whole life by a letter grade, it can be a major reality check when those straight As dont turn into dollars. Lets survey professionals who graduated in the last few years. What was their college GPA - and how does they correspond with their income and their career satisfaction now? Which students feel fulfilled and satisfied with their career outlook? Which ones got jobs first - and in what industries? How many students were surprised by the difficulty or ease of their jobs?  <|endoftext|>"
