"Idea Title: Getting Out of a Creepy Date Situation  Idea Description: With the popularity of online dating apps and the unknown factors involved with going on a date with someone you havent met yet, how many women have experienced creepy vibes from their date? How did they get out of the date? What are the technological apps or things women use when theyre going on a date? What are some signs women have seen that create red flags in terms of personal security on dates? Where do they absolutely not choose to go on a date with someone and what are the seemingly safe locations?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: [10x Idea] Protecting Your Valuables  Idea Description: Sometimes your valuables aren 't items that cost a lot of money. Maybe it 's a memory box, photo album or old jacket. We have the tendency to place value on things that may not possess a financial value at all.Let 's survey people about what their most valuable item is (disregarding costs) and even ask them would they be more upset if they lost their tv or this item? What about their car vs this item? How many people would feel more pain over a family hand-me-down vs the latest tech item in their home?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Productivity for Early Risers vs. Night Owls  Idea Description: How are night owls spending the late hours before bed vs. early risers? Do early risers have a more structured routine before going to bed and after they wake up? What are the most common activities early risers do to make the most of their day that night owls do not do? Do night owls who stay up later have a more engaging social life or more friends? Do early risers plan their schedule.weeks out more better than night owls? Are early risers more optimistic and satisfied with their day-to-day vs. night owls?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: The Written Driving Test  Idea Description: To be honest I failed my written test and it was harder than I ever though it was. For this campaign, lets take the written tests for the 10 most populous states and have seniors take the test. What will the passing rate be? Do we need to continuously test senior citizens in order to get behind the wheel. However, I dont want to focus just on the elderly people. So we can compare the test results of all generations to see who really shouldnt be on the road and this campaign will determine that!! <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sex Preferences By Generation  Idea Description: Since there is a lot of difference between generations, lets explore how different are the sex and masturbation habits of 3 generations: Gen X, Millennial, and Gen Z.Whats your favorite position? Whatre your fetiches? Morning or night sex? What turns you on? What type of porn do you like? Do you use condoms? Do you record yourself having sex with your partner? At what age did you start having sex? How frequently do you fake orgasms? Would you participate in a threesome? How frequently do you masturbate?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Waking Up to Music  Idea Description: I did a campaign for Amerisleep (https://eachnight.com/blog/wake-up-call/) that explored the impacts of how people wake up, but because it was Amerisleep, I wasnt able to explore music or sounds. Let explore how people alarm sounds/music impact their daily experiences, such as their feelings of energy throughout the day, positivity, well-restedness, alertness at work, easy of settling into the day, etc. What objectively the best sound and/or music to wake up to? How about best artists? Genres?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Desired Cars  Idea Description: We obviously cant survey Mturkers about the luxury cars they have, but we can survey them about the cars they want.For this campaign, well survey people about the car brands/models/styles/features that they desire the most. Well also ask about how their preferences have changed: are there brands they no longer like, or that they think are cool now? What characteristics do people associate with each brand. How have preferences changed over the past decade? How do preferences vary between men and women?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Does the market need you and other pertinent questions to ask before going on the startup journey.  Idea Description: Some of the facts surrounding startups can be startling. You wont believe the failure stats for ambitious startups that end up making a product the market doesnt need. Or weird ones like how a 60-year-old startup founder is three times more likely to succeed than a 30-year-old founder- According to Kellogg Insight, As well as what percentage of startups are started by women and how many make it past 5 years. What states have the most tech startups and what is the most major reason that startup dreams fail?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Dream Ads  Idea Description: A survey trying to understand various dreaming or sleep experiences that people regard as supernatural. Do they feel they were ever given a message? I was once told I would never forget a witch I encountered in a dream. I never have. lol. How many people have had premonitions? Encounters with entities or people who gave them info they couldn 't have otherwise gotten. Have they ever shared a dream with someone? What are the demographic differences of people have or not had supernatural sleep experiences.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Maximizing Your Policy  Idea Description: Most people in Florida have hurricane insurance, but not as many have flood insurance. A lot of the time, people are mistaken in thinking that no matter what their hurricane insurance policy will cover groundwater flooding, but that is not true. There are many simple things people dont know about natural disaster insurance. Most people arent taking the steps necessary to ensure that they get the most out of their policy should a natural disaster occur. Lets find out if people are taking the right steps.  <|endoftext|>"
