"Idea Title: Office Holiday Party  Idea Description: There 's no better opportunity to getting to know your coworkers than an office holiday party. For this, let 's explore the different perceptions and limits and how that varies among certain demographics. How many people avoid going to office holiday parties and what are the most common reasons? What is the acceptable limit of alcoholic beverages'Aitwo, four, anything goes because #tistheseason? How many people have embarrassed themselves so badly at an office holiday party that they quit their job?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Drinking Holidays  Idea Description: Just about everyone likes to throw back a couple cold brews ever now and then. However, when it comes to drinking holidays such as St. Patricks Day, Labor Day, Cinco de Mayo, and 4th of July people go much harder than they should. Sadly, this means that there will be more drunk drivers on the road. For this campaign we can look just at those days and the day following to determine which holiday is the booziest and which holiday has the most alcohol related crashes in the US. (State and city breakdown)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Calories on Super Bowl Sunday  Idea Description: Super Bowl is Feb. 3rd, so we would need to push this fast, but the execution is really simple so I think we can do it. How many calories does the average American who watches the Super Bowl consume? For this project, we would provide a list of common super bowl snacks and ask survey takers to select how much of each food item they eat. We would then use an aggregate calorie count of that food item from top brands to calculate it. How long would it take you to burn that off doing different exercises?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sex Education Policies + STIs, by State  Idea Description: Sexual health and STI prevention starts with awareness and education. So how are we doing as a nation with high school sex education policies? When states require certain things, like medically accurate information, HIV education, parental consent, affirmative consent education, or abstinence education, does that have any relation to the rate of STIs, pregnancies, etc in those states?Although we wont be able to make direct correlations we may see trends between states w/ various education policies.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Death of DVDs  Idea Description: How many people buy DVDs still? When was the last time someone did?How many people buy movies on like amazon? DO people rent individual movies? Is the thought of OWNING movies gone? What about on demand movie purchases through cable companies? How many people rather just wait for it to show up on a streaming service? I feel like this is a dying thing and it really sint even that old. Also how many people dont even have the capability of watching a dvd? I dont have a dvd player or a gaming system  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: What counts as exercise?  Idea Description: Some days, all you can manage for exercise is opening a bottle of wine. Let 's survey people and ask them what kinds and durations of activity counts as a true workout. Is walking a workout? Is going up one flight of stairs? Is carrying the groceries from the car to the house? Is a good nights\ sleep a workout?Let 's see how lazy or creative people truly are when it comes to fitness.We can also discover the creative ways people work out when they are busy or if they don 't have a gym.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Counseling: Facts and Fears  Idea Description: This campaign will compare perceptions and experiences regarding various types of counseling. Well explore areas such as:Fears and apprehensions about attending counseling (and how those compare to experiences) by type of counseling.Feelings of the efficacy of counseling (before vs after, people whove gone vs people who havent)Perceptions vs reality for counseling, ex: most common myths/misunderstandings about counseling.Comparisons of people who havent and havent been to counseling.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: #boycottNFL Sentiment Across the Country  Idea Description: The playing of the Black National Anthem at football games has stirred up some pretty heated conversations about unity and the NFL 's part in reacting to the racial tensions in the U.S. The #boycottNFL was started in reaction to the Chiefs playing Lift Every Voice and Sing and it 's only become more heated since more games have been played. Using SEMrush 's Twitter sentiment analysis, let 's look at where #boycottnfl is being used (by state) to see where the most of these reactions are happening.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Climate Change  Idea Description: The percentage of Americans that believe in climate change varies with each study. Regardless of which you choose to believe, its clear that the percentage of Americans who dismissively view climate change is quite high. Lets try to achieve a deeper understanding of the American spectrum of opinions towards climate change. Why do people believe the things they do? Other than political beliefs, what kind of factors influence how strongly a person feels about climate change and humanitys approach to it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Can you stay late tonight? - Work and Rest  Idea Description: Get asked to stay late at work? How does this affect your night, and in turn, sleep that night? Do you tend to get to bed later on nights you need to stay late at work? or do you end up cutting your night time routines short 'Ai Miss the gym? Skip dinner? Miss plans with a friend or significant other? For this idea we would tap into in which ways work is making you lose sleep, or cut into your night time or morning habits. How do we cope with these stresses? How do we adjust? How is our sleep affected?  <|endoftext|>"
