"Idea Title: Increasing Home Values  Idea Description: Your home can become an extremely valuable asset, especially if you buy and sell at the right times. Looking at the American Housing Survey, lets see which Americans maximized the value of their homes most since they year they bought it. We could discover the qualities/locations of the homes (and their owners) that increased in value the most? This could be helpful information for people who are thinking of investing in a home for the first time or for people who are thinking of the best time to sell.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: You Know What You Did!  Idea Description: Sometimes dreams feel very real, especially when a partner is there, but what happens when they do something that pisses you off in your dream? For this study wed survey men and women in a relationship about things that their partner has done in a dream that upsets them and if that anger carried over into real life. We could also look at sleep lost because of these dreams and real life fights caused as a result. ex. I once woke up mad at my boyfriend because I dreamt he ate one of my powercrunch bars.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Do You Investigate or Avoid?  Idea Description: When a situation arises, where a choice needs to be made on whether you would investigate and get involved in a situation or back off and avoid. How does that change based on different factors? If youve got a family member or a pet thats in vicinity of danger? How do people react? What does it take for a person to become more offensive in a home danger situation? How does this differ by introvert/extrovert, how people feel their gender should react, how they react when family/pets are in danger, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What happens when youre pulled over  Idea Description: Theres some extensive research done here that I think we could use: https://openpolicing.stanford.edu/findings/Id like to supplement with a survey to find out more details about certain demographics and the emotional side of being pulled over. Are there certain things that happen that arent documented that we can reveal? Probably so. Also, the number of people that get let off with a warning, the types of violations that cops tend to give drivers a pass on (race, gender likely play a role), etc.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Is Alexa Listening?  Idea Description: There are countless article that try to explain if Siri or Alexa or Google Assistant are listening to you even when you are not talking to them. What you wont find is a set of data points that will tell you what Americans believe right now. What percentage believe this is happening? Are you conversations being sold to corporations? Do you feel more or less safe because of this? What do people do to prevent their smart devices from listening? What evidence do they have that their devices are listening?  <|endoftext|>
Idea Title: The Future of Education Costs  Idea Description: For this campaign Id like to survey current and former college students to get their thoughts on where they think the costs of attending college will be in the future. How hopeful are they for a systematic shift downward? Are they hopeful for the future of post-secondary education? We can couple these findings with actual projections based upon historic data for the avg cost of attending public and private institutions.Asset idea: scatter plot of individuals projections vs actual projected trend.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Incompatible Music Genres (Dating/Relationships)  Idea Description: Does your boo listen to music that drives you nuts? Or is there a particular song they love to sing that embarrasses you? Whats the worst offense: particular song, genre or perhaps things like overplay or their impulse to constantly sing their favorite songs out loud? Are there certain genres you could NEVER date, like Metal lovers or country music people? Lets survey 1,000 people to find out what the most/least date-able genres are, and the kinds of music pet peeves we have in relationships/dating.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Women In VC  Idea Description: There has been a lot of criticism about the lack of women leaders and partners in VC firms, but some progress has been made. Lets find out what firms have the highest percentages of female partners, founders, and female leaders overall. From there we could also look at the amount of money female led firms invest compared to male led firms, and look into the number of firms led by women of color. Are women led firms more likely to invest in companies started by women? Lets use crunchbase to find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Not Looking Back  Idea Description: How many people have been scorned by a company and left the company behind? What does it take to permanently cut ties with a business? In this campaign we can find out what can really scar brand loyalty. How many tries do people give a company before giving up completely: one lost package, two bad customer service experiences, too many emails, overly attentive retail workers, slow service, hidden fees? What about news of CEO scandals? Lets see how this differs by generation and possibly income level.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Working to Raise Your Credit Score  Idea Description: Youve got credit - maybe its not where you want it to be and you want to improve it. What are some of the methods people employ to increase their credit scores? Do they take on a loan to consolidate their debt? Do they focus on paying down on debt? Do they open more lines of credit to increase available balance? Invest in a home or car via loans? Control their spending? This project would explore the ways people work to increase their credit scores (and perhaps the primary tangible reason they do it)  <|endoftext|>
