"Idea Title: Rental car horror stories  Idea Description: For this campaign we could take a look peoples experiences with rental cars. Were there issues with receiving dirty cars, were the cars not what they had requested, or were there issues while driving? Do people carefully check a rental car before leaving with it? Did they find gross items (maybe a condom?) left in the car by the previous user? Did it smell odd, or were they some stains that youd rather not know where they came from?Did people refuse to accept a vehicle if it was unclean or gross?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Hygiene Horrors  Idea Description: How long do people go without a dental hygienist visit? How long do you go wearing the same pair of contacts? Refusing to wear your contacts or glasses because of vanity reasons? Days without showering or brushing your teeth? Flossing? Lets look at how gross people can be when it comes to regular maintenance of their hygiene as well as gross acts committed such as cleaning contacts in mouth or putting them in off the floor... well compare against peoples perception of how important these things are  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Orgasms and Sleep  Idea Description: After sex, is it normal for you or your partner to go right to sleep? Is sleep always better after an orgasm? Do some couples have sex when they know they have to get a good nights sleep? Lets survey 1,000 couples and see how they feel an orgasm affects sleep and if its something they can count on. In general, does sex help couples sleep better? Women vs men? Even if its past bedtime, is it still worth it? We can segment by gender and measure relationship satisfaction, level of rest, frequency  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Porch Pirate Plague  Idea Description: How many people have suffered at the hands of Porch pirates? Whos had things stolen the most? Have they done anything to try to prevent more porch piracy?How much money have they lost to porch piracy? Whats the most important/expensive items theyve had stolen from their Porch? Have they actually thought of ways to prevent further Porch privacy? Have they worked?Have you gotten free replacements of the items that were stolen from you? Were you ever compensated? Where the thieves caught?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Online Retailer Sentiment  Idea Description: Using SEMrush, we can analyze the sentiment towards each of the big online retailers, from Amazon to Walmart, Etsy, Target, and others. First, we pull the hashtags associated with these retailers (#Amazon, #Walmart, etc.). With the hashtag analysis, we can also pull the top words associated with the #.Other metrics include:-Search volume for terms (identify the top online retailers for each state, perhaps after Amazon)-Ad spend & Web site traffic (Who upped their ad spend? Did it pay off?)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Degrees of Homegrown Entertainment  Idea Description: Similar to the hometown heroes campaign, lets explore home grown celebrities and entertainers. We could compile a list of top/successful actors/actresses, musicians, influencers (including those like Ellen, Oprah, etc) and look at where they come from. We could see where the most successful entertainers come from, what categories of entertainment certain states produce the most, etc. Are there trends over time? Did one state produce a ton of successful entertainers in the past and not so much today?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Smile Around The World  Idea Description: I see a video collage of XX number of countries showing glimpses of how people care for their teeth around the world. Less horror stories and more feel good/expression of diversity. The clients opening page is diverse considering they include women and women of color in their webpage so I think this could go over well. The challenge might be getting a diverse enough group of participants. Is this something we could do with Facebook ads? // https://www.unicef.org/stories/2018-something-to-smile-about  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Dresscodes and Productivity  Idea Description: Certain industries require business formal, while others are super casual, and even more are in between the two. Lets survey people about what industries they work in, their dress code strictness, and how productive they feel in the workplace. Does it actually help to have everyone in a matching suit and tie or are jeans and your favorite tee just as comfortable and productive? Excluding questions about face-to-face interaction, lets see which dresscode group has the most productive hours at work.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gender + Ticket Sale Analysis  Idea Description: Talk about if music festivals are a mans world got me thinking-- while we preach gender equality and get excited about Beyonce and Ariana-- are ticket prices and sales reflecting it or is it really a mans world? Lets do a ticket analysis and find out. For this wed examine the last 5 years of top performers both male and female to see who is selling more tickets at what cost etc. That way we can see if theres equality in the price, what differences those are and how its changed over the years.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Great Pet Debate  Idea Description: We all saw the trending article that women sleep better with dogs in the bed than with their SO, but how does that play out when you share a bed with your partner, and what impact does it have on your relationship? For this study wed survey couples about where they sleep (same room, separate room), where their pets sleep and how that impacts their sleep quality and relationship. Further we could look at if those who share a bed with their pets have higher life satisfaction, work satisfaction etc.  <|endoftext|>"
