"Idea Title: I Have Photographic Memory  Idea Description: When I was in high school and college I would always hear that people that had photographic memory acceled in school simply because they never really had to study. For this project, lets determine if this is really true if people with photographic memory do better in school. Also for this project, we can also determine that techniques are used most to memorize various things. Do people color code coordinate their notes, continuously write things over and over, etc. What helps people the most?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When to Speak Up  Idea Description: How many people would confront friends or family members about dangerous driving habits? How does it differ between friends, family, and even hired drivers like ubers/Lyfts or taxis? If they were smoking weed while driving/trying to drive high, or going to get into the car after a certain amount of drinks (How many drinks does that person have to have for you not to get in the car with them?) vs distracted driving: Do you tell that person to stop texting and driving? Do you offer to text for them?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Cycle of Disasters  Idea Description: For this idea we would tap into FEMA.gov/disasters that list disasters by type, since 1953. We would first collect this data and then determine how frequently various disasters happen across the US? Whats the average number of days between each? Do CAT 5 hurricanes happen more frequently over the last decade than in decades in the past? Have wild fires increased at a higher rate since the 50s? This campaign would be angled around the time between different events and the cycles.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Living in a Van...Down by the River!  Idea Description: Using the American Housing Survey we would find out where people are living in boats, RVs and Vans the most. We can look at available metro areas and states to see where this trend is taking off most. We could also cross examine this topic with average housing costs and poverty levels. Ive read of people living in vans in the Google parking lot as well as in San Fran because of the high living costs. We could potentially explore where these trends are rising because of poverty vs high COL costs.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: When Does Working Nights Not Work?  Idea Description: Everyone knows that working the night shifts can be a tough gig. But how does it relate to happiness in the relationship? Partners with different sleep schedules are subject to different challenges than those working the typical 9-5, but does that automatically mean theyre less satisfied? Does it depend on the couple, or is there a trend? We could survey relationships where partners work opposite schedules, and see how they rate different areas of their relationship, including overall happiness.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Subscription Mooching - Music Streaming Version  Idea Description: Subscription mooching with regards to Netflix, Hulu, etc. did extremely well for us, over 100 DF. Lets reboot it and look at music streaming: Spotify, Pandora, Apple Music. How many people share their passwords? How much is this costing Spotify per year? Who are people mooching off of? Which service has the most moochers? Password sharing can be a security risk, so to tie it in we could also have an asset asking how many people share Streaming passwords that they use for other accounts.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Me-time  Idea Description: How do people unwind after work? After a particularly stressful day, how do people relax, based on gender, age, etc. What do you first when you get home?Some like to chill out with a glass of wine, others like to watch TV or take a bath. How much time to people usually dedicate to me-time? I\d imagine there would be a huge difference based on age/where you are in life. How does spending me-time impact stress levels? Do those who set aside time to relax exhibit less anxiety or stress?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Played Board Games By Generation  Idea Description: Board games go back a long time and lately are having a strong comeback. With everything being digital nowadays, younger generations are showing signs of wanting to interact with one another and wanting tangible experiences. So, Im thinking it could be a good moment to look back at the top-selling and most popular board games of older generations and compare them to what younger generations are playing. Which board game is the most popular and played by people of all generations? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Things We Cant Unsee  Idea Description: In our lives we are exposed to so many things, things that have a positive impact and some things that have a negative impact on our lives. For this campaign lets ask people what they wish they could unsee and how they think it would change their lives for the better or even for the the worse. How many people have witnessed/caught one of their parents cheating, doing drugs, etc. How many people have actually seen a dead body? How have these experiences shaped who we are today? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Judging a Book by Its Cover  Idea Description: I 've noticed an uptick in books using profanity in their titles to grab the attention of their readers and making me realize, a book cover is just an advertisement. For example Eat Like You Give a F*ck and The Imperfect Art of Getting Your Financial Sh*t Together. In this campaign, we can use Open Library to analyze book covers. How is the percentage of profanity in the titles increasing? What genres use it most? We could also analyze design, colors, graphics and compare against book sales.  <|endoftext|>"
