"Idea Title: Insomni-maniacs  Idea Description: Lets run a survey asking insomniacs how its affected their lives, what theyve tried in order to alleviate it and how its affected their levels of stress, productivity, and life satisfaction. Whats the most sleep theyve gotten in the past week? What are some of the consequences theyve suffered from having insomnia? How has it affected their relationships with others? What about insomnia do you wish other people knew/understood? How long have you been suffering from insomnia?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: The Flu in America  Idea Description: For this idea we would tap into the BRFSS 2017 data released recently on the number of flu shots given out per state. We would look at the data per 100k residents and segment results by age to see which generations are getting the most flu shots. We could also cross this data with CDC data on how many people report getting the flu per year to see if these flu shots are working or not. The flu is something we can all relate to or relate to our mother saying you should get a flu shot this year!.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Bachelor/Bachelorette Party Confessions  Idea Description: This weekend, I went to a bachelor party in which a married man with a child was doing party drugs he has no business doing. Got me thinking - I wonder how often bachelor parties turn out in disaster? How common are weekend long parties compared to single-night (I feel like they used to all just be a night but now are multiple day events). How often are hard drugs involved? And how often are there strippers involved? How far down the rabbit hole do men/women get, and how often is there cheating?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: See It With My Own Eyes  Idea Description: I have met more than a few people who have seen a picture of a painting and said, no need to see it in real life. Then, there are people who see a beautiful landscape and scream, I need to go there! Let 's survey Americans to find what are the most necessary things to see in person, and which things people are perfectly content seeing in a picture. This could have an extremely wide net, looking at such things as sporting events, art, monuments, natural wonders, architecture, musicians, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Timeline of Relationship  Idea Description: Dating is very much a practice that is determined by societal norms. Generally, you\re more likely to be drunk often in the dating stage of a relationship. The typical first date experience is usually a bar. People use alcohol to loosen up and become more sociable. Initial sexual interactions in a relationship are most likely performed under the influence. Just how much alcohol are people consuming during courtship?[This is a repitch / elaboration on an idea I wrote in my first week here]  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The most and least bearable types of ads  Idea Description: What are the most annoying types of ads were exposed to in everyday life, vs what ones do you not mind? For some people Youtube ads that pop up before or in the middle of videos are the worst, and tv commercials are the most bearable. Maybe you hate the 150 pages of ads you have to go through in a magazine before you can get to the actual beginning of the mag, or maybe its all the junk mail you get. What are the most and least tolerable ad types, and which will you actually click on/look into?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Deadly Criminal Driving  Idea Description: How many people die each year because of bad drivers? Aggressive driving, road rage, speeding and drunk/drugged driving are all variables in the Fatality Analysis Reporting System by the NHTSA. Using this dataset we can categorize and analyze criminal driving, the number of deadly crashes it creates and the lives it takes each year. Lets also look at how many deadly accidents involve drivers with previous violations or convictions each year. Which month do we see the most fatal, deadly driving?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Life Satisfaction  Idea Description: we can survey ppl about the top things that affect their life satisfaction. this would relate bc we would include body image-- negative, positive and neutral. wed see how things like financial stability, romantic relationships, social life and body image affects life satisfaction or satisfaction in other areas. what do ppl who have satisfaction in these areas have in common? are ppl with good body image or these other things like work/romance satisfaction also psychically or mentally healthier?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Shared Experience  Idea Description: What percentage of your tv/movie watching is a lone act versus a shared one with a significant other? How many couples have a show that they absolutely watch together? What number of shows does the average American watch alone? Which experience do you love more - the lone guilty pleasure of watching a show, or the shared experience of watching with a friend, SO or loved one? Let 's survey people to see how much of their TV/movie watching is shared vs personal, how it enhances the experience...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Always Listening  Idea Description: How creepy do people of different generations find personalized ads, and how deep into our lives to people believe brands are? How does that change by level of social media use? How many companies have their email or other contact info, vs how often do they shop there? How many people dont trust these retail companies yet freely give away their email address and DOB for a discount? How many people truly believe that everything we click on or even say out loud is being collected by our devices?  <|endoftext|>"
