"Idea Title: Car Debt  Idea Description: According to this article from USA today, many Americans are spending over $500.00/month on their car payments. If one considers this in the context of the economic struggles society claims it has, these seems extraneous and financially irresponsible....especially considering that nowadays there are attractive and trustworthy models that carries loans with far less than that. (This same article also says 7 million + Americans are behind on their car payment. )Lets survey people on their  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mood and Love Songs  Idea Description: Songs dont change, but often times our reaction to them depends on our mood. This is especially true when it comes to love songs. In general, do we like love songs more when were single or in a relationship? Which are the most popular love songs for singles vs. couples? How do we feel about love songs after a breakup? Are there certain songs that are especially hated during this time? What about restoking the fire? For couples in long relationships, what love songs still give them the feels?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most/Least Connected Cities  Idea Description: Today wifi or 3g is available everywhere we go. But how many people in the US still use DSL or even dial-up internet?? In what cities are people more likely to use regular telephones than smartphones in their homes? What about radios?? Using IPUMS USA data we can see what types of technology people have in their homes across the country from the most basic and old-fashioned to the most up to date. We can break this down by age, income, and location and see how the rates have changed over time.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Committing Crimes for Cash  Idea Description: Most of us dont really want to break the law for the most part, but what if the price was right? How much would someone need to shell out to get you to shoplift, rob a bank, steal a car, commit fraud, etc.? What are the lowest price crimes and how does that vary across genders, generations, and countries? Are the Australians more likely to commit crimes at low cost? I realize this is not what the client offers on their site, but could be a humorous way to connect to their useful service.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Gym by State  Idea Description: Using Danielle 's Tags and the City graph style from the last Account Team Data Viz and Campaign Review and this data set (looks like we have to purchase it - but relatively cheap compared to surveys): https://usbizdata.com/us-health-club-database.phpLet 's map out which states have the most number of gyms. Then let 's use CDC data and show whether the state with the highest number of gyms is the healthiest or has less obesity. **I'm sure we\d have to take population into account.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Screen Time: School vs Home  Idea Description: Kids these days are more exposed to tech and screens than we 've ever been is the idea that a lot of people hold these days, so let 's survey parents of kids under 18 and ask them if they have their own screens (ipad, computer, gaming console, phone, etc) and if they use screens at school (computers, ipads, etc) and if they limit their screen time at home, what they see their kids spending the most time on, and if they think their kids should be spending more or less time with each screen  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are you smarter than your 5th grader?  Idea Description: Could you help your 5th grader with his history homework? Do you remember any of Newtons laws? This campaign would be all about homework, the problems it causes, and the difficulties parents face when it comes to homework and their kids. How many fights a week? Further, how many parents are against homework? Think their kid has too much? And when should it start? At what age is your kids homeowrk too hard for you to help them with? And how many parents are doing homework for their kids?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dog People vs Cat People toe to toe analysis  Idea Description: I want to use being a cat or a dog person and having various demographic breakdowns, like do cat people actually tend to be more introverted? do dog people spend more time outside or at the gym? Do dog or cat people make more money than the other? Which one reports higher feelings of happiness or lower feelings of depression? (obviously there are a lot of contributing factors to that one, but we CAN ask how much their dog or cat contributes to their happiness, relaxation, stress levels, etc)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is That Safe?  Idea Description: Expanding on the idea of Critical Home Upkeep, lets take a look at which things we might be overlooking when it comes to safety (particularly with child safety). If we could find an authoritative source on heres what needs to be baby proofed, it would be interesting to pose those questions as hypotheticals. I remember my mom reversed my sisters door lock because she kept coming out at night--I know that cant be safe, but we could ask that question and see how many people would agree?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Childcare in the workplace  Idea Description: Some companies provide childcare options in the office where the parent works. Some pay for the childcare, either internally or externally. How do different childcare options impact productivity and happiness in the workplace? Are parents more productive when they have the availability to pop down to the daycare to see their little one or is it an unnecessary distraction? Lets see what options are available and see who thinks which version leads to more happiness and workplace productivity.  <|endoftext|>"
