"Idea Title: Just Google It  Idea Description: When you have a scratchy throat, sniffles, or even constant migraines the first place we turn to is....Google when it really should be our doctor. For this campaign let 's figure out exactly how many people turn to Google rather than their doctor and the reasons why they even trust Google in the first place. How many people had an accurate diagnosis after they checked google and with their doctor? Should we trust our gut or just leave it in the hands of our doctor? Let 's find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Changing the Industry  Idea Description: Personally, I think music makes the world go round. Just imagine living in a world without music, it would be torture. However, some of the artists in the music industry are definitely greater than others. For this project lets see how America would want to change the music industry for the better based on the genre of music you listen to most. What would Hip-hop, Country, Pop fans want to change about the music industry the most. How would Country fans critique hip hop fans/artists.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Under the Rainbow (Influence)  Idea Description: Its been well documented that the LGBT population faces social difficulties that often lead to increased levels of substance abuse. Using the CDCs BRFSS 2017 dataset, we can analyze this issue and bring to light the current dangers still facing this growing community.The possibly relevant factors this dataset covers are: basic demographics, sexual orientation, tobacco use, marijuana use, alcohol use, mental health, social & emotional support, life satisfaction, and financial health.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Immigrants in the Construction Industry  Idea Description: Here I go again with the immigration ideas....The construction industry has a huge share of workers that are foreign born. Lets take a deep dive into this class of workers and see what countries they come from, how the rates of foreign born construction workers compares to native construction workers, and which trades they dominate. We can also compare educational attainment and income between native and foreign born construction workers. In what cities/states are they building most?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Unsolved Murders in America  Idea Description: The Murder Accountability Project publishes data annually on murder cases that remain unsolved. There are more than 225K records of unsolved murders dating back to 1976. Lets see which states and cities have the highest rates of unsolved and solved murders. What are the most common demos of the unsolved victims? Are they mostly women or men? White or black victims? This could be very eye opening. What about the known offenders? What do they look like and how has this changed over time?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Most Essential Non-Essentials  Idea Description: Gummy worms and chewing gum aren 't essential, but being unable to run to the store to buy them made me realize just how much I like them. This campaign would explore those essential non-essentials that we all have.What are the most common essential non-essentials? What categories do they fall into? What percentage of people couldn 't get their hands on them, and what extent did people who did go to in order to get them? What are the simple items/services that people missed the most?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Real Bitcoins  Idea Description: Joe R/Matt G Idea - As we are looking for PR over links, lets find a way to print of coins that have the Bitcoin B pressed into them. We could set up a stand somewhere with a sign that says Free Bitcoin, One Per Person We could video the scene to see if people actually come up to take the coins, if people try to take more than one, and to find out what questions they are asking about real coins We could possible set up a screen with bitcoins current value to help influence the video.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Openers Vs Closers  Idea Description: Do you have friends that are great openers but they just cant close? Theyll go up to anyone without shame and without hesitation? Are you like this? Do you think your a good closer? What areas do self reported singles think they lack the most, and what are their tendencies...what is their heigh? Are shorter people more likely to report having higher confidence? An asset of pick up lines here would also be fun. A line graph showing height and confidence would be SO sick.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Crossing State Lines  Idea Description: Florida is a gigantic state, and its easy to move to a different city and be several hours (and a whole different kind of area) away from where you moved. But what are the difficulties and things people want most when crossing state lines? What draws people to different states the most, and how do they find a place to live when they cant set foot in there? Are they moving toward family, or away? How does this differ generationally, as millennials tend to have a less connected reputation  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Where Are They Looking?  Idea Description: In this campaign, we would create a couple videos with a men and woman presenters dressed in varying forms of business attire. We would then use our biopack and eyetracking device to see which looks, styles, etc. draw peoples attention away from the presentation. Do certain styles, colors, exposure of skin, etc.. affect men and woman? (Similar to this campaign: https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2014/dec/17/the-woman-in-10-hours-walking-in-nyc-i-got-people-wanting-to-slit-my-throat)  <|endoftext|>"
