"Idea Title: How much do people spend on a good nights sleep?  Idea Description: So many people have difficulty falling asleep, and they try many different things to remedy this. This would be a large look analyzing the most popular things people try and how many money and effort they spend to fix their sleeping issues.From buying a new bed, sheets, medicine, sleep apnea machines, snoring remedies, sound machines, etc. the list goes on.I think it would be an interesting conversation to find out the average amount of money spend trying to fix their sleeping woes.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Struggle for work life balance while WFH  Idea Description: Signing off can be difficult when working from home, especially if you feel like you didnt do much during the day. I know I have personally foundmyself working strange hours into the night, simply because my office is in my living room. So for this compain lets explore how much MORE people are working and if they are worried or have experienced burn out? Have they talked to anyone about this? What have they tried to do to mitigate this? How many people think they HAVE to work like this?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Eye Contact in America  Idea Description: So whats the right amount of eye contact? Does it vary when youre talking to different people? A co-worker? Your superior? A friend? What about in different situations... when is it okay or expected for you to give more or less eye contact? What does this say about you and your personality? For this idea we would survey 1000 people on eye contact. Do women feel like they get less eye contact from men compared to women? Lets dig into a number of interesting questions about eye contact.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Political Heroes  Idea Description: Echoing the past project Hometown Heroes and the winning promo angle of politics let 's track where all of our presidents were born, spent childhood, and went to college and run a small survey that asked people who their political heroes are and do the same. We could divide these political heroes into, activists, scholars, and elected officials and see which regions produce the most heroes and the least. We can also dig a bit deeper and see how these maps line up with political voting.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Parental Fatigue  Idea Description: When someone has a baby, it 's common to be asked: Are you getting any sleep? So how little sleep are parents getting and in coupled relationships, who usually gets the least amount of sleep? It doesn 't end there, teenagers are also a difficult parenting subject. How many parents are putting in hours for their teens? For other age groups of kids? How fatigued are parents on the regular? How do they overcome this or what do they do for themselves in order to get the rest they need?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Correlations Between Virtual Choices and Personality Types  Idea Description: When someone who doesnt often play video games picks up a controller and occupies the perspective of a soldier roaming grasslands with deadly weaponry, there can be a bit of cognitive confusion, a bit of temporary moral confusion. Of course, this feelings fades for the average person, but could the magnitude of this discomfort relate to a persons natural personality?Is there any relationship between what a person feels comfortable doing in a virtual world and their personality?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are iPhone Users Still Dropping the Ball on Security?  Idea Description: With the new iOS providing users with the opportunity to request apps not track their data, are iPhone users taking advantage of this new feature? How many people actually understand what that means? How many people don 't really think before they click Request not to track or Ignore, and how many people make an intentional choice? What are the reasons? Is it generalized fear of people tracking you, or are there more specific concerns about not wanting personalized advertising, etc.?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Admitting it - Cheating  Idea Description: How many people admit to their new partner that theyve cheated on an ex of theirs? What type of reaction do people have to being told? Is someone perceived as less trustworthy, even if was in their past? Do you think they have changed? That they wouldnt do it to you? How many of these respondents have cheated on their partner and not admitted it, just got a STD test (or not) and moved on without telling them? For this idea we would explore a number of questions surrounding this topic.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Generational and Gendered Home Maintenance  Idea Description: Dealing with issues of the home changes based on your relationship status - theres more conversation about first steps to take and compromises to be made with your partner before action. For this campaign, we would explore how getting home issues taken care of varies by relationship status and generation. Do married women defer to their husbands to take care of a home issue (like a repair, addition, etc.) and for what issues does this happen? How does it differ by generation & gender?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Automated Hiring Processes  Idea Description: How do job applicants work around automated applicant tracking systems (ATS) who scan their resumes before a real person even gets to read them? What strategies help the most, is there a way around them by using as many keywords as possible even if it means bending the truth a bit or a lot?How many applicants are aware of ATS, how many bend the truth anyways, and how much exaggeration is ok?What strategies get applicants past the ATS and what strategies actually land them a job.  <|endoftext|>"
