"Idea Title: Back Sleep Challenge Experiment  Idea Description: Most people dont sleep on their back, though it has been shown to be the best position. This would be an experiment to see if people get a better nights sleep if they change their sleeping position to sleeping on their back. We would benchmark their current sleep with either self report survey, or a sleep tracker baseline. Then we would would track changes in both self report sleep quality and sleep tracker quality. Does switching to sleeping on your back improve your quality of sleep?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: [Lifestyle... Food/Wine] Cooking Injuries  Idea Description: Using NEISS data, we can create a project that explores cooking-related injuries based on product codes for kitchen items. Which items in your kitchen are usually the most dangerous? What is the most common type of injury, and how does that vary by gender and age group? This allows us to talk about home safety and the proper vs improper way to use certain types of cooking utensils. We could also specifically pinpoint injury data for trendy items like air fryers, smokeless grills, etc...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of My Own Drinking, Compared  Idea Description: I go out for a few drinks after work... but I wouldn 't consider myself a heavy drinker. The government defines heavy drinking as someone who binge drinks more than 5 times in a month. Binge drinking is more than 4-5 drinks in the span of two hours. For this idea we would ask people about their drinking habits and IF they think they have drinking problems, or are heavy drinkers, etc... We would look at the respondents perceptions vs. their actual drinking habits and gov. definitions.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Confessions of a Wedding Guest  Idea Description: As beautiful as weddings can be, we\re distracted creatures of habit who still want Me, me, me... even if it isn 't our special day. So what are your friends, even family, thinking during your first dance? Maybe they still have a vendetta against your new wifey. All in all, what can 't people stand these days about weddings and what would they want to change? We could even explore people 's attitudes about destination weddings and relate it back to lifestyle & personal finance.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats your gym IQ?  Idea Description: Theres no doubt that people can feel insecure in the gym. Learning how to use the machines, making a workout program, going in by yourself and doing a workout all require some level of fitness knowledge and confidence in that knowledge. Lets ask people fitness questions to see if they answer them correctly (what is this machine used for, is the form good, etc.) along with asking people how they feel about their fitness level, their knowledge and confidence when they go into the gym.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Hard is it to Become a Professional Streamer  Idea Description: We would need to run a test scrape here 'Ai For this idea we would tap into Twitch to see just how many users have joined and risen up through the rankings 'Ai based on follower counts and start date of accounts we would look at the total number of people who rose up and made it based on the upper 5-10% of users with followers. We would look at the % of people, other stats, and try to determine the average amount of time it takes to get to X-followers on your Twitch feed and more...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Adequate Distance  Idea Description: There tend to be two groups of people: the ones who want to live close to family and the people whod prefer a healthy distance between them and their relatives. For this campaign, lets explore the typical distance people like to live from their family and how that compares to how close they actually live. We can measure this both in time and physical distance (miles). We can also look at life satisfaction (validated scale) compared to how close people live to their families.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Germ Swabbing Homes  Idea Description: Lets face it, we are all spending so much more time at home,but how much more are we cleaning?Lets have people swab their remote controls, their fridge door handles, their computer keyboard and maybe even their phone screens.Then we will run a supplemental survey just asking people about their cleaning habits since marchhow many people have wiped down their remote or fridge?who is using natural cleaners vs chemicals?How about off brand germ wipes since clorox has a shortage?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Drugs Use As An Adult  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would explore adult drug use. People who use marijuana, mdma, ketamine, dmt, mushrooms, 2cb, etc.. as an adult with children. We would ask people who have used drugs in college and asked them which ones they would never use as an adult again, which drugs they were consider trying again. Which drugs are people still curious about after college? When they have kids? How many parents still actively use MDMA, Ketamine, Mushrooms, etc.. when not around their children?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Making it Work  Idea Description: When you really wanted to move to a new city but couldnt quite afford it, how did you make it work? or for people that havent yet, what would you be willing to do to live there? Get a second job? a third? Would you live with strangers? Or someplace extremely far from your job, just in order to be in that city? What amenities would you give up to be living in your dream city? Would you give up AC? or cable? What have people sacrificed in order to be in the city they wanted to be in?  <|endoftext|>"
