"Idea Title: The Parents We Want To Be In The Future  Idea Description: My brother and I will always say that we are going to be the most chill and relaxed parents in the future, but will that actually happen? For this project lets pop that bubble and give those that arent parents a reality check. How many people that arent parents think they will still smoke weed or go out clubbing on the weekends when they are parents? How will the frequency of certain activities change when you become a parent? Lets give those that arent parents a wake up call.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Prioritizing Sleep  Idea Description: To some people, sleep is super important and prioritized, and to others, sleep is just something they think they can get by in life without maximizing. Let survey 1,000 people about the extent they fall into either of these categories, and how it correlates with the ways they live their lives and the success they have in work and family life. How much more per year do people earn when they prioritize sleep vs. those who are lax about it? How does overall life satisfaction compare?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Job Environment and Exercise & Diet  Idea Description: If you work from home, how much more likely are you to lead a healthy lifestyle than someone who works at the office 9-5? Presumably, the person that works from home has significant more time to workout, cook healthy food, but do they capitalize on it? Do people regardless of work environment fall into patterns that reflect them rather than their environment? Do peoples habits who have worked from home and worked in a office or hospital, etc. changed when they switched environments.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Job Highlights and Lowlights  Idea Description: This campaign is pretty simple at its core - an exploration of what people feel are the best and worst aspects of their jobs - but there are plenty of angles to explore and its highly relatable.Well ask for the best/worst things overall, and by category. Categories can include: hours/schedule, coworkers/supervisors, job responsibilities, company/management, etc...The lists alone will be interesting, but we can always break them down by job performance and satisfaction, etc..  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: T-Shirt Fit and Sexiness  Idea Description: Theres a big perceptual difference between what someone looks like in a well fitting t-shirt, and what someone looks like in an ill fitting t-shirt. This would be an exploration of the perceptions of body and overall attractiveness when guys wear t-shirts that fit well vs. not. It would also explore these differences across different mens body types. What are the perceptions of different demographics? Of mens favorite look vs. women? What fit make them feel most/least attractive? Why?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Americans cant do Roundabouts  Idea Description: A survey/experiment asking participants about the rules of a roundabout. Given 5 or so scenarios (drawn visually), we ask people specific questions about who has the right of way, who should go first, etc. which demos knows the most about this? Which demo gets the worst answers scores on the quiz? How do they feel about the roundabouts? Do they prefer lights? What have their expierences with other motorists and traffic lights in their location? Are there skill differences regionally?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Guns on the Road  Idea Description: There are so many Americans that have guns in their home to protect themselves and their family, but how many Americans actually have a gun in their car? This campaign will determine how many firearms are on the road at any given time. Are various demographics more likely to have a firearm in their car? We can also have people rate the level of crime in their neighborhood to determine if people that live in rough neighborhoods are X% more likely to have a firearm in their car.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Biggest Bracket Busters  Idea Description: March Madness gets its name for what it is---madness. Every year top teams are bound to fall, but what bracket busters have made the biggest impact? For this study wed look at the last 5 years of NCAA tournaments to explore the teams who were/caused the biggest upsets, the top cinderella stories and which teams caused the most bracket turmoil---Im looking at you Nova. We could potentially get into some bracket data to see how many fans had their brackets busted by these incidents.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Information Overload and Sleep Quality  Idea Description: Does the amount of time you (think) you spend on the internet affect the quality of sleep you have? Or the number of hours you sleep? Does the type of information you consume change anything? Like, are people who are spending a ton of time on Facebook and Instagram having a more difficult time getting quality sleep than those who dont check them regularly or not at all? Do people who read more news have a more difficult time sleeping than those who arent consuming that information?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep Quality After Breakups  Idea Description: If you were in a long term relationship and then all of a sudden something happens that results in a breakup how does your quality of sleep and other aspects of your life change? For this campaign lets survey those that have gone/are going through a breakup and ask them how their breakup is affecting their sleep, work, social life, etc. Are men more likely to lose sleep over a breakup than women? Does the person that does the breaking up get a better nights sleep? lets find out!!  <|endoftext|>"
