"Idea Title: Kiss, marry, Kill Band or sports team edition  Idea Description: So we know the classic game, kiss, marry or kill, but who would people choose to kiss, marry or kill from popular bands/groups? If we want to prepare for the upcoming football season we could do this based on peoples favorite teams. SO fans of the Pats would see the top maybe 10 players for the team, and using AB testing people would see random variations of 3 players and decide who they would kiss, marry, or kill off completely.Pretty controversial but could be a fun survey  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Clean Sex  Idea Description: I was reading an article about how giving up alcohol was a contributing factor in someone having better orgasms. For this project we would survey sexually active Americans and Europeans on some of their daily/weekly habits, like drinking, smoking, eating, sugar intake, and ask them about their sex lives. Wed then look at sexual satisfaction, along with a number of other metrics to determine if cleaner lifestyles are actually contributing to better sex for 1,000 survey respondents.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Reasons for Unemployment - CPS Data  Idea Description: Using the IPUMS Current Population Survey, well explore 2020 monthly data for peoples individual reasons for unemployment since the beginning of the pandemic. Data is as recent as June 2020.Which occupations have the most employees experiencing job loss? Which occupations have the most employees voluntarily leaving? For which occupations or industries have people been unemployed the longest? How do these variables change across age, race, gender, income level, and much more.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Your Pull Over Behavior by Race  Idea Description: Similar to the viral image, where people ask men what they do to prevent rape (they said nothing), and what woman do to prevent rape (it was a very long list), we would explore pull over behavior by race. We would ask people what they do when they get pulled over. Do they turn off the music? Do they turn off their car and they put their keys on the roof while keeping their hands on the wheel? I think race segmentation would be generate a similar viral image and a bit of perspective.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Thoughts on Vaccinations  Idea Description: There is a huge discussion that has been going on for awhile about vaccinations. One group believes that vaccines can cause Autism. The other believes that this isnt true, and vaccinations are necessary. For some reason, it doesnt seem like anyone has tried to gauge how American stands on this issue and why they feel that way. We could even present facts from both sides and see if these facts could change their mind. The whole campaign would be split up by different demographics.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Blackout  Idea Description: How do you deal with a power outage? How many people get drunk when the power goes out because theres nothing else to do? Do people in hot areas have battery operated fans? Do people in cold areas have battery operated space heaters or keep supplies ready for an emergency fire? How many people have power banks? When was the last time you bought batteries or checked on your flashlight batteries? When was the last power outage you went through, and how prepared did you feel for it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What is Bougie?  Idea Description: We have all gone to a friends house and said to ourselves, damn you\re bougie! However, what are the things that make us say that to ourselves? Is it the fact that they have a movie theatre in their house, 5+ tv 's, a popcorn machine, or a telecom system throughout the entire house. Basically, this campaign will determine what is and what isn 't bougie when it comes to your home or apartment. How many people based on these specifications are bougie? Let 's find out!!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Responding to a Disaster in Your Home  Idea Description: Can you typical homeowner respond to a grease fire? What would they do if they saw water pouring out from under their sink, or if their toilet started backing up? Flooding?Using a survey, lets quiz homeowners on how they would respond to a disaster in their home. Would they know what to do in a dangerous situation, or would they revert to calling 911 in all cases? This study would look at general home knowledge, preparedness as well as highlight some dangers in homeownership.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Job Hunting  Idea Description: Lets survey 1,000 people to learn about the average persons experience when job hunting. Topics to explore:1. The average amount of time active applicants spend looking for new opportunities2. ^ same but with passive applicants (looking, but less serious)3. Average amount of interviews (phone, in-person, etc.) someone does before landing their new role4. Average salary increase/decrease when changing jobs5. Group above info by demographics (gender, age, industry, etc.)  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Cuddle Buddy Criteria  Idea Description: Its always nice to have a cuddle buddy but we all have different preferences. For this campaign lets see how men and women differ when it comes to choosing a cuddle buddy. How many women actually prefer to be the big spoon? If there is a percentage breakdown on most frequent or prefered cuddle positions what would that be? How does your cuddling frequency relate to your relationship satisfaction? Does the size of your bed make a big difference in relationship satisfaction?  <|endoftext|>
