"Idea Title: Workplace Anxieties  Idea Description: What are the most anxiety inducing parts of your job? Is it finding a place to sit and eat? Having to talk during a meeting? From little things that can cause anxiety like those above to big ones like giving a presentation or meeting a client, where do they fall on the anxiety scale, for people that do and do not feel they have anxiety? (We could look into a validated scale for feelings of anxiety) and look generationally at what makes people feel the most uneasy in the workplace.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Admitting to Enabling  Idea Description: Have a friend of family member who seems to be suffering from addiction? Someone who you think should ease up on the drinking, smoking, or something else, more serious? Have you ever decided to have a drink with them even when you know you shouldn 't? Everyone seems to know someone, but just how many people? Part A. Would tell us how many people know someone who is suffering, and Part B. Would explore questions related to them and if they enable them when it comes to said drugs.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gun Owner Perspectives  Idea Description: How do gun owners feel about using their weapon for safety? What percentage of them are 100% willing to use if there is: an intruder, shooter situation, conflict in which the other person draws a gun? How much does a gun increase the owners feelings of safety? Lets use a survey to get gun-owner perspective. How much risk to safety ratio is there for the average gun owner? Well segment by gender, kids or no, environment setting (city, suburb, rural), political affiliation...  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Private Work/Slack Chats  Idea Description: For those that have private chats via slack at your workplace. How often are you gossiping about a coworker or talking about things that classify as NSFW? What revealing information/ sensitive topics have people shared with others via platforms like Slack? How many times have you accidentally put something in the wrong chat? Were there any repercussions? If so what were they? For this campaign we will survey people that work in an office and use a platform similar to Slack.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Sell the Sleekness, Not the Features  Idea Description: Tech in today decade seems to sell the best when it as minimally and simply branded as possible, perhaps because Apple proved that works quite well. Let do a survey/experiment similar to the Sell the Sizzle, Not the Steak campaign where we have fictitious tech brands and see what does best. What are the most attractive words used to describe tech and its features? What about colors? Types of logos? Would people choose a sleek look over slightly sub-par features?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Americans Define the Dark Web  Idea Description: We often hear about the dark web casually in conversation about the bad parts of the internet and the cons of advanced technology. But how much do people actually know about the seedier parts of the internet?For this project, let 's survey Americans on their knowledge and perceptions of the dark web. How do people define it? Do they know how to access it? What types of activities do they believe take place there? Have people accessed the dark web before? How did they feel?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tech Tracking  Idea Description: Most, if not all, smartphones have location services, and it seems like more and more apps are encouraging people to switch this feature on even when not using the app. How many people feel that location services are invasive and how many of those people are also checking in when out and about? Are people more likely to delete an app because of the location feature? How many people believe turning off location services has limited the use of apps and which are the most common?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Popular Workout  Idea Description: Which workout was tagged on instagram this year. Whether its yoga, cross fit, running, HIIT, swimming, etc. We can look it how many workouts were hash tagged and which ones were the most popular among social media users. Another interesting thing we could look at is which workout had the most posts with the account user showing off specific part of their body or is shirtless in the photo. This could offer some insight on which workouts are heavily driven by social media image.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Comfort and Productivity  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would explore employee comfort and productivity.In a recent campaign, I was able to correlate satisfaction with office layouts to productivity and job satisfaction. In a similar way, this campaign would explore how comfortable employees are happier and more productive. We can also explore the various ways that employers help keep their employees comfortable, and which methods have the highest comfort ROI and the highest productivity/satisfaction payoff.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Cabin Charm  Idea Description: Let 's look at how people feel about unpluggling and staying in a cabin. How many nights are they comfortable unplugging for meaning no cell service or internet? Have they done this? how long? What emotions did they feel?How about people who havent? What is holding them back? Have they thought about this? DO they think they cant disconnect?Let 's incorporate stress levels into this as well to see if people who are willing to or have disconnected are less stressed/happier  <|endoftext|>
