"Idea Title: TikTok Instant Celebrity - From Unknown to 50M  Idea Description: WIth TikTok, it seems there is always some new person getting all the hype. They go from completely unknown to audiences larger than most news networks in a matter of weeks. This would be an investigation of the progression of as many of these breakout stars as we can find. What did their trajectory look like? How do their rises compare? Who is a potential breakout comping up?Should be able to use this: https://github.com/drawrowfly/tiktok-scraper to get the data we need.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Build Your Dream Team  Idea Description: Lets provide people the opportunity to build their dream sports team, but give them a salary cap. Are people more likely to evenly split their money between all positions that need to be filled, or are they more likely to spend a lot of money on a star, and fill the other positions with lesser known players? Are there certain players for each sport that people choose repeatedly? We can have fans of baseball, football, basketball, and soccer all participate to build their team.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Relationships We Form with Dealers  Idea Description: For illegal states, how are Americans meeting their dealer and what kind of relationship do they have? What are common interactions and which are the most annoying or tedious? For legal states, how do these transactions differ? Are people repurchasing more frequently and at higher quantities? In illegal states, most relationships are formed through friends of friends - how many feel that they need to stay and hangout with their dealer instead of a quick in and out transaction?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Looking At Dry Counties Perceptions  Idea Description: Dry counties still exist in the United States today, places where the sale of alcohol is prohibited and/or strictly restricted. What are the perceptions that residents of these counties have about having a dry county? Do they support it? Want it lifted? If they support it what are the reasons why? What benefits do they think they get by maintaining it? How do they think it affects tourism? If they don 't support it are they actively doing something to get around the dry laws?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats Draining Your Energy  Idea Description: We all feel drained sometimes... Is it from work, school, a relationship, or something else in your life? For this idea we would survey people on what they think is draining them most in their life, why and find out how they compensate 'Ai Is it coffee? Much needed sleep? The gym or a creative outlet? For this idea we would create assets, each aimed at a different vertical, looking at what drains people per industry, life and more... How much do our sleep habits play into this?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Irritating Tasks  Idea Description: We all have things we hate having to do. Lets run a survey (of Australians and Brits?) and find out what peoples least favorite things they have to do semi-regularly are, and see how if differs between the UK and Australia. We can crowdsource a list of annoying or irritating things you have to do somewhat regularly and then go from there. We can include a lot of stuff they have categories for, like cooking cleaning auto to even things like going to the gym or driving to work.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Teeth and Dating  Idea Description: The very first love letter I received in elementary school emphasized my beautiful teeth. I found that really weird, which is why I still remember that letter. Lets find out more about the connection between teeth and dating. What role do teeth play when choosing a partner? How does teeth hygiene impact someones chances as a future partner? What percentage of people is really grossed out by teeth? Who has fixed their teeth because a significant other required them to do it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: #MeToo Music: Misogyny Edition  Idea Description: The #MeToo movement descended upon Hollywood and brought the careers of many predators to a screeching halt. Yet, in the Hip Hop/ Rap industry, there are convicted offenders that have suffered little consequences, and sometimes, experienced a boost in popularity because of the controversy. What is going on with the absence of #MeToo in music? Lets examine the hypocrisy and compile a list of the most misogynist music / artists based on their lyrical content and legal offenses.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Will it last?  Idea Description: we would survey people who are married and those who are divorced and see if there are certain factors that lead to it lasting or not. we could ask about sex before marriage, how big the ring was, how many ppl were at the wedding, what their income is, if they had a honeymoon or eloped, how often they had sex, how often they did a date night, how long they dated beforehand or if they lived with each other before marriage. how do all of these tie into relationship satisfaction?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sex From the Parents Perspective  Idea Description: If you have ever seen the Bad Boys 2 scene where the protagonists daughter is going to prom, the way in which her father and step father reacted is hilarious. But their reaction is just the tip if the iceburg when it comes to parents finding out their son or daughter is having sex. For this project lets survey parents to better understand their reaction to finding out their child is sexually active. How do the gender of their child, # of child, etc change their reactions.  <|endoftext|>"
