"Idea Title: Per my last email...  Idea Description: During my years as a working adult, I believe I have crafted a skillset that is vital to survival. I speak, of course, about how to write an email that gets the message across without coming off as angry. As we continue evolving as a culture with more written interaction, how much time do people spend rewriting/overthinking/sending an email draft to a coworker just to make sure the recipient won 't be annoyed? How much productivity and HR time is wasted on miscommunications?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dual Career Couples  Idea Description: In 2018, nearly half of all married couples were dual-career couples (https://www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/famee.pdf). Lets survey partners in dual-career couples (meaning both work, pursuing their career). How do they make it work? What tips would they give others? How do they balance their careers and life, how do they manage/maintain their relationship? We could compare couples with vs. without kids.How much more do they earn, how do they handle their finances, etc.?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Ultimate Guide to Tipping  Idea Description: Pitched to Handy + Stoneside. Not selected.---Who do you tip, and how much? Here, wed survey people on who theyre tipping, and how much (is it a percentage or a flat dollar)? Home professionals, painters, drywall guys, gardeners, cleaning people, take-out orders, drive thru orders, fast food, fast casual, restaurants - all fair game for this survey. Would also be interesting to see if people are tipping more intentionally during COVID because thyey know times are tough.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Live Stream Platform Wars  Idea Description: For this campaign, well survey people who use the most popular platforms for live streaming games (ex: Twitch, Youtube) about their experiences and preferences for each platform.Which platform is the easiest to use? Which has the most consistent uptime and video quality? Which has the best commenters and the best commenting platform? Which has the best streamers? Which platform are people spending the most and least time on, leaving the most and fewest comments on, etc..?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Current State of STDs  Idea Description: Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex, so you don 't get that \im late text. -Lil Wayne For this campaign, lets revisualize the 2017 CDC STD Surveillance Report and show the trends of STD throughout the US and who they are affecting the most. Are certain STD 's more prevalent in the South than the West? Who is the most likely to get an STD? How many elderly people have contracted an STD? This report has it all and we can simply take this data and visualize it.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: A Place to Sleep  Idea Description: There are some travelers who plan where they are going to sleep, and some that don 't. You 'll find a place when you get there - and apparently those people find much better deals, they\re the pros at finding places to sleep on the fly. I want to know the behaviors of those people. how often when going to a new place do they book hotels in advance or wing it? How old are they, are they men or women, what is their education level. Their similar to digital nomads.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Traveling Nightmares  Idea Description: Bad stuff can happen abroad. So what are people travel horror stories? How many people have lost a passport, wallet, or a friend? How many people have forgotten their hotel room, or left something valuable behind that they never got back? Lost luggage, flights cancelled in another country? How many have fallen for tourist traps, been robbed, or felt unsafe while abroad. We can combine with established lists of friendliest cities for foreigners, crime rates for tourists, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: [Home... How-to] My COVID Home Project  Idea Description: This is a simple survey execution in which we ask people what home projects theyve started or completed since self-quarantine. Theres been no shortage of people posting new standing garden boxes, homemade bird houses, freshly painted interiors, or newly finished decks. With this survey well attempt to quantify and categorize these projects to see what has kept people busy, new skills theyve learned in the process, and how its helped them cope with extended time at home.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Online Impressions, Do online Business Reviews & Ratings Matter?  Idea Description: Do online business ratings really effect whether a person uses your business or not. If so how do you judge which reviews you find to be useful and which ones are written by trolls? Will it effect your decision if the person writing the review cant spell ? Does the fact that a business does not bother to remove fake reviews or obviously unrelated comments mean they are inattentive to customers? How much of your perception of a business can be determined by online impression.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The 4 Day Work Week  Idea Description: When I lived abroad, I had a job that had a 4 day work week. We worked Mon-Thurs and had Fri-Sun off. However, we worked longer hours on the days we did work. This campaign would be an experiment, in-house where we would have a control group of people work the typical 8 hour work day Mon-Fri and a select group of participants to 10 hours a day, Mon-Thurs and measure different metrics (like how rested they feel, satisfaction with their day-to-day, over the course of a month.  <|endoftext|>"
