"Idea Title: Post-Partum Depression  Idea Description: Post-partum depression can be debilitating not just for the mother but those around them as well. Theres also a huge divide on whether women who already suffer from depression should discontinue their medication while pregnant. Itd be interesting to gain perspective from women/family members have been impacted by post partum depression and how it was handled, if they self medicated, if theyre still suffering, any stigma that was felt, how the relationship was impacted  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The WFH Setup  Idea Description: How comfortable do you get when you work from home? Because of this new gig economy and more flex work time, people are working from home more than ever. How many people roll out of bed and start working? What is the typical room setup of your WFH space - do people work in a home office? In their bed? Couch? What is productivity like when you wfh in pajamas versus get up, shower and get dressed for the day? How many dont brush their teeth, and possibly other gross things?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Age is Just a Number?  Idea Description: How has the philosophy surrounding the phrase age is just a number changed when it comes to hooking up and dating? Using a survey, let 's explore generational attitudes towards hooking up, dating or even marrying someone who is much older or younger. What age gap is appropriate, what is not? Do millennials feel more openminded towards hooking up with someone 20-30 years older? Does money change anyone 's mind towards marrying someone of a much different age than them?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Blurred line between real life and online life  Idea Description: How much of your life in online? What would happen if every one of your online accounts disappeared or was stolen? Your social media personas. Your bank accounts. Your photos. Game. Apps. Writings. Documents.Lets survey people to gather how many pieces of their lives have a digital aspect, how important the digital aspect is the item as a whole (my digital photo storage holds 99% of my photos we own 1 photo album), and how important they feel it is to their life.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Does my car smell?  Idea Description: A survey about the smelliness of cars. A simple survey asking people if their car smells good or bad. Then we ask them to qualify the smell. Air freshener, smoke, dirty dog, old food, unknown? What percent of cars are stinky? How does this differ by demographic (age, gender, political affiliation, etc). We could also ask people to have a friend/relative also give a score for their car, and do funny comparisons of what people think their cars smell like vs. what others think.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Have Drugs and Alcohol Changed You?  Idea Description: For many people, drugs and alcohol have been and can be life-changing in myriad ways, both positive and negative. Whether it a major shifts in perspective from a psychedelic drug, a reduced sense of anxiety from cannabis, or a destructive spiral on opiates, it undeniable that drugs change people. For this campaign, we would explore this idea with a survey, asking people about the good and bad ways that substances have changed their lives and changed them as people.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Scared of the Cops Are You?  Idea Description: Everyone has different thoughts when they see the police, so lets survey people and find out what theyre thinking when they see an officer, encounter an officer or get pulled over or stopped by an officer. Do these emotions depend on whether or not this person is breaking the law? What law does this person have to be breaking to be scared of an officers presence. Just how scared are people of the police, and why? If we segment by demographic this could do well in promo.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hidden Costs of Car Ownership  Idea Description: Cars are expensive, obviously, but we often dont think about all the expenses that go in during the life of the car. This campaign would look at some of the hidden, and kind of funny costs.Over the course of the lifetime of the car, how much does 93 octane gas cost you for your Mercedes? How much do you save by having a bigger gas tank (those extra trips add up to $$$)., how much more do you spend on car washes, how much does 1mpg less cost you over the life of a car?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dirtiest Gyms in America  Idea Description: Using the Yelp API, let 's scrape for chain gyms like LA fitness, Equinox, Orange Theory, and other national brands. Using the review data, we can look for mentions of words like dirty, gross, smelly, disgusting, etc... to figure out which gym is the dirtiest and which states have the grossest gyms. We can also look at words in proximity to words like gross or disgusting to see if people are describing showers, gym equipment or other specific items or areas of the gym.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Best Place to Eat in Every NFL City  Idea Description: Collab. with Kip--Using Yelps API, lets scrape restaurant reviews for every NFL city to identify the top foods per city as well as the best place to eat in every city. Which NFL city has the best pizza, hot wings, BBQ, Chinese, sushi, etc.? What are the top establishments for different cuisine types? Whats more, we can potentially supplement these data by surveying 2,000 NFL fans about their food preferences to see if fan taste correlate with restaurant ratings.  <|endoftext|>"
