"Idea Title: United States of Health Searches  Idea Description: For this campaign, lets use Google Trends to analyze health information seeking behavior in America. What are the most common symptoms being searched? How do search trends differ between cancer, vaccinations, and obesity? Which states fear the worst for their health? Are there different concerns in different cities? How has search volume changed over time? Which health-related issues are on a rise? Whats concerning Americans? Lets use this free public tool to find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Health Restrictions and Drinking  Idea Description: (Credit:This was mostly Toris idea!). How many people who put themselves on a diet still drink even though alcohol is prohibited on that diet? Similarly, how many people are told by a medical professional not to drink (whether its due to prescription pill use or health risks), but then disregard and drink anyway? Lets see how many people are cheating on diets with alcohol and not heeding drs orders by drinking with a health condition or when theyre taking other meds.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Where Do Various Tech Job Makes the Most Money?  Idea Description: This campaign would look at where different tech jobs draw the highest salaries. We all know STEM fields draw higher incomes, but what regions of the country pay their STEM workers the most? Well take into consideration each states cost of living to create a ratio that more accurately puts how much discretionary income people with these jobs in each states have rather than automatically give superlatives to states that pay the most just because they have super high COL.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Misogyny in Music  Idea Description: Michael Jackson was declared the king of pop, Elvis was declared the king of rock, and George Strait was declared the king of country, and several male artists have been debated as kings of rap 'Ai but where are the queens in the music industry and how do they compare to their male counterparts? Whats the ratio of males and females within the top charts over the past decade? Who are the most preferred artists within certain genres and how does that compare generationally?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Where Millennial Parents Failed  Idea Description: After the prosperous and apparently endless wealth of our grandparent 's industrial America, our parents figured that the greatest lessons they could instill in their children was Do what you love - However, in building the unanimously agreed upon laziest generation, how valuable was this advice truly. What other terrible advice were millennials stoked with while growing up? We can survey the generations and ask them how valuable their parent 's career advice was.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: No strings attached  Idea Description: we could breakdown between booty calls, one night stands, friends with benefits.. what are the rules of each of these relationships, what gender/age does each one the most, where did these ppl meet eachother (apps, in-person,etc), how manny sexual partners do the ppl who have no strings relationships have on average compared to ppl who typically have monogamous relationships. are ppl in these no strings relationships more satisfied sexually and in life than ppl with S.O.s?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: ADT ONSITE Home Security Sales  Idea Description: If possible with ADT data, lets look at the rise of Home security sales over the years. Yeah it seems like everyone has a smart home, but just how many people do? when did they buy the cameras have they changed companies? added more? realized they do or dont need them? This could be a really simple survey so we can get more people and weighted as well to be representative of the US pop . This is very onbrand for them and will explore the rise of safety features in the home  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: First Fuck Up Of The Year (New Years)  Idea Description: Everyone wants a New Years kiss, but how many people are lucky enough to get laid? For this project, lets see what are New Years intentions actually are? How do people start off the New Year? How many people start the New Year hungover, get arrested, get into fights, break up with their SO, or any other crazy/funny things.How many people try to plan how their night will end? Do people drop their guard/lower their standards just to start the New Year off with a bang?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Secrets  Idea Description: Let 's survey people, those who 've been in a relationship and those currently in one, and find out what financial secrets they have and still hold from their significant other. Let 's get down and dirty and find out which ones cause the most tension, and eventual split in the relationship.Additionally, what are the most common white financial lies that partners keep from each other? Do men or women hold more financial secrets and which ones do they care about most?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Conversation Surrounding Drugs  Idea Description: Across the internet we find a wide array of forums where people talk about different drugs. For this idea we would scrape the conversation in each of these forums, combine similar forms by drug category, and run an analysis of the text, to make a piece similar to https://pudding.cool/2018/11/dearabby/ 'Ai This project would flow in a similar manner, and show the differences between each drug type. Do certain conversations and drugs yield more negative or positive terms?  <|endoftext|>"
