"Idea Title: Alcohol mentions in movies  Idea Description: Im currently working on one of the final projects for RB, looking at drug mentions in movies over time. Were scraping IMSDB (International Movie Script Data Base) for movie scripts and then analyze them for drug mentions. There is currently some alcohol mentions in there (for my project), but the idea only mentions drugs so I think we could just use the alcohol version for Delphi.Heres an old RB project: https://www.projectknow.com/discover/drug-mentions-in-movies/  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Make Yourself At Home  Idea Description: What does make yourself at home actually mean? Is it a green light to treat a friends house just like your own? Or is it just something we all say to guests to make things less awkward? For this campaign let 's ask people what they think this phrase actually means and if they change their behaviors at all. For those that actually change their behaviors does that mean they feel like they can go through someone 's fridge or pantry looking for snacks? Let 's find out!!  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Life Goes On & So Should Your Sex Life  Idea Description: Life always has its ups and downs, but just imagine losing your spouse or divorcing your spouse when you are no longer in your prime. For this campaign lets look into the lives of those that have lost a spouse or divorced their spouse and see how their love life is. How long does it take for men and women to bounce back after the losing or divorcing a loved one? How many people say they will never marry again? Let 's find out how they keep their romantic life alive.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Caffeine Lifestyle  Idea Description: Oh, so you want the diet coke? For this idea we would run a survey on people who drink various forms of caffeine- Regular soda, diet, coffee, tea, and people who don 't drink any caffeine. We would ask them a series of questions about their lifestyle... Do diet coke drinkers report the most energy throughout the day? Do coffee drinkers crash the hardest at night? Do specific generations drink more diet coke than others? And more... Hey, if you wanna yert, yert it up  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Biggest Work Pet-Peeves in 2019  Idea Description: As we move into a new year, what are the most hated and loved things that can happen to you in the workplace? Is it no coffee on Monday morning? Is it a meeting being re-scheduled or missed? Is it needing to cover for a fellow employee or someone else cutting out early? For this idea, we would explore all the little things people are loving and hating about their workplace in 2019 and segment results by a number of different demos including generation, gender and more...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Like a Fine Wine  Idea Description: Some people just get better with age, like Robert Downey Jr, or Anderson Cooper. At what age do people believe men and women peak (we can do a US vs UK for some cool insights) and then have a quick little bit asking which celebrities around the respondents age they think is the hottest. Do Baby Boomers prefer the celebs of their own generations or the younger generations? Who would they pick from their own generations, and how does this differ between the US and the UK?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Ideal Fitness Level  Idea Description: We always do campaigns trying to isolate what really gets people into shape. Is it how good they are on their diet? Is it there amount of exercise? The type of exercise? I think these fail because we include the people that fail in the survey. Lets survey people who were out of shape and then attained their ideal body fitness level. What did those people do? What finally motivated them? What do they continually do? It would kind of people like our confessions campaigns.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Reading Level of...  Idea Description: For this idea we would look at the reading level of various bodies of text that people read or hear in media and in content. From looking at Trumps most recent speech or some of his tweets, to articles from the New York Times or other popular entertainment sources. What reading level is the top show on Netflix? What about the top songs on the Billboard Hot 100? Here we would tap into popular sources and determine just how high quality the information were digesting is.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Helpful Are Online Home Resources  Idea Description: For this campaign we could create a list of common household tasks and search for how to articles on the subject, using a full page screen capture program we can calculate the percentage of the page that is actual good information and what portion is merely promotion of other articles and advertisements.We could extend this concept to instructional videos on YouTube, what percentage of the video is pre-roll, introduction, branding and lead in vs. useful instruction.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: PPP Loans for the smallest businesses  Idea Description: *** adding this to Skynova as this is a pretty huge and important data set; not sure if the idea has been taken by OD yet tho ***The SBA data for PPP Loan recipients is massive, but we can take a look at the recipients of PPP money who is listed as a sole proprietorship and with less than 10 employees, and see which states managed to secure the most for these (likely) mom-and-pop shops.By state / zip codeJob countBusiness ageRural / UrbanApproved Amount  <|endoftext|>"
