"Idea Title: Trusting Service Providers  Idea Description: How do you feel when X service provider comes to your home. Do you feel safe? Does it matter if you hire them on Hiring apps, vs Yelp or other review sites or Google searches vs. recommendations from family. Do you worry about sexual assault? Getting ripped off? Would you trust service providers to be in your home when you arent there? How does this differ by who you are and your demographic? Have you ever been come on to by a service provider? Made uncomforatable?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Handyman Husbands  Idea Description: Do a majority of men love to try and fix all their problems themselves before ever considering hiring a handyman? Which daunting tasks are men too afraid to admit they can not do themselves which results in hiring someone? How many wives are more skilled at being a handywomen around the home? How many conversations are had, days/weeks spent waiting until they finally decide to hire professional help? How does this vary by the familys annual income and job industry?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Artificial Intelligence  Idea Description: Public figures like Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking have long cautioned against how we approach and implement artificial intelligence technology. The general public, along with most companies spearheading the shift towards advanced AI, dont seem to believe these concerns valid--at least not enough to focus on it as a priority when planning and designing future endeavors. Lets conduct a survey exploring American fears and reservations about artificial intelligence.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: GOT Character Development  Idea Description: For this idea, lets use character dialogue from across the entirety of the GOT series and run the text through Watson to determine how characters personalities have developed over time.A few text analyses have gone viral including most unique words and volume of dialog over time.Our methodology will follow a individual characters to analyze their character arc. We should see dramatic changes over time for characters like Arya, Sansa, Daenerys, Tyrion, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Till Treadmill do us part  Idea Description: Many couples work out together while others prefer to work out alone. But is one better for you than the other? Do couples who work out together have stronger or weaker relationships? Specifically, which types of exercise are best, joint classes, running, a crossfit routine?Or, are you better off doing your own thing? Does this change depending on the length of the relationship? Wed survey 1,000 people in a relationship to ask about working out with their partner.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Games and Grown Ups  Idea Description: Something that you do in your house? Play board games. I used to play a ton as a kid and was super competitive, and I wonder if any of this carried on with me later in life? Lets survey people on their favorite games and/or toys as a kid and see if there is any correlation to what they do now. Did CPAs love Monopoly as a kid? How many of them took a few extra dollars when they were the banker? What about kids that loved Jenga--do they do something structural now?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: At First Glance  Idea Description: For the longest time my brother and I have wondered what do women find attractive in men? For guys it 's easy. A beautiful smile, nice butt, or nice breasts. For this campaign let 's see what qualities people look for in a person at first glance. How many people prefer a nice smile over a nice butt? How many people have passed on a potential partner/broken up with their significant other because they have crooked teeth, terrible smile, or just poor hygiene?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Percent of Indie Games Make it  Idea Description: Using steamcharts.com we could create a project similar to: https://pudding.cool/2017/01/making-it-big/The goal would be to understand what percent of indie-games make it to x level of popularity that we call success. Instead of using size of venue that was used by pudding, we would instad look at tiers of downloads, daily users, total hours played, etc. We could then put likelihood numbers on what percent of indie games exist within these tiers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Your Neighborhood Watch  Idea Description: Every so often, you drive through a neighborhood littered with signs explaining its under the protection of the Neighborhood Watch. Lets ask 1K+ about their sentiments. Where are neighborhood watches more common-- Rural or urban areas? Do people still think theyre effective-- Why or why not? Top reasons to start one/not start one? Do people trust their neighbors more than local law enforcement? Do they think their neighbors would have a faster response time?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Prescription Drugs in America  Idea Description: Medicaid has a database called, State Drug Utilization Data which has state by state data around covered outpatient drugs that are paid for by state Medicaid agencies since the start of the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The data includes state, drug name, National Drug Code, number of prescriptions and dollars reimbursed. Using this we should be able to map out which are the prescriptions most used for each state and overall in the US and dollar amounts to it.  <|endoftext|>"
