"Idea Title: I know I Should...  Idea Description: Most people with BMIs that qualify as overweight or obese know they need to lose weight. But realistically, how many of them are even trying? For this campaign, wed survey 1,000 people who self-identify as overweight or obese. Wed also ask them if they are actively trying to lose weight. For those who arent what are the biggest reasons why? What would it take for them to start? How many years of life are they comfortable giving up to stay their current weight?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Music Across the Country  Idea Description: Which songs and artists are uniquely loved by people in every state? Using youtube chart data, lets explore the geographical trends of the top songs across the country. What states/regions are setting the trends? We might be able to map where songs/artists first went number one, then watch it spread across the rest of the country. We could make a lot of detailed and interactive visuals for this campaign and do a 2018 music year in review for the US week by week.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: NCAA People Mascots vs. Animal Mascots over time  Idea Description: Last year during the superbowl i made this stupid viz that people liked, about looking through the lens of people vs. animal mascots, and how they fare in hoops matchups. The what mascot would win thing has been done a million times, but I want to know about how often human mascots beat animal mascots, weather related mascots, etc. Would be a silly piece, but I think would get links. We\d likely find NO correlation, but if we did it would be groundbreaking!  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Common Health Violations in Restaurants  Idea Description: Weve all heard the rumors of disgruntled waiters spitting in our food, but what truly goes on behind closed doors? Lets collect and compare data on the most common health violations. How often are restaurants repeat offenders? Have those with violations been able to stay in business long after? Could also combine with survey data asking restaurant go-ers what would be the worst possible offense a restaurant could commit to lose their business forever, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fatal Accidents Involving School Busses  Idea Description: We tried to do this once for DV but canceled it bc of data updates and our workload 'Ai'Ai'Ai'Ai For this idea we would tap into FARS for fatal accidents across America to determine just how many fatal accidents have involved a school bus, where children could have potentially been involved, or witnessed a fatal event 'Ai Or even where a driver of a bus was simply involved. This would be sample sample sizes, but wed have state-by-state breakdowns and more...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Will your business rebound?  Idea Description: Surveying small business owners on prolific, lets look at their outlook on the future of their company and business in the next 3, 6 and 12 monthsHow many expect to rebound?how many expect to close down?Will they have to lay people off in these time frames?What would they do with a second stimulus check? do they need it?have they had to completely fire people?have they thought about only going online and how it could help them? could they make it work?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Where are They Now?  Idea Description: We all remember that time Kentucky went 38-1 or that time the jerk from Florida sunk a 3pointer in OT to send the Gators to the Elite Eight. But what happens to the biggest playmakers after the tournament is over? For this study wed look at the top contributors from the last few years of the Sweet 16 (or Final Four) teams and see where they are now. How many are actually in the NBA? Using their degree? Trying to ball overseas or in the G League? Selling fit tea?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Family Feud  Idea Description: If you have family members that have opposing political views to your own, chances are, youre gonna have a bad time. Lets survey people who have family members with differing political views to their own, how often they get into arguments with those family members, how its affected their relationship with that person, if they talk to them less or visit them less because of it, and how they deal with it (avoiding the subject entirely, coming around less, etc)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Paying to Work  Idea Description: Teachers are well known for essentially having to pay to work, spending large sums of money to provide what their employers didnt in order to be able to teach but what other professions does this happen in? How much on average are people spending on the tools they think they need to work that their employer doesnt provide? Why do they choose to spend it instead of getting another job? How satisfied are they in their job? What are the top things that are bought?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Lessons Learned the Hard Way  Idea Description: If its not considered too negative, we can ask people what financial lessons they learned the hard way, and what they would have done to change it (or get someone from GS to chime in on how other people can tackle that situation with a better outcome) to educate the public while also including the emotional angle of things people wish they had known before making their various financial mistakes (they dont have to be huge mistakes, to avoid being too negative)  <|endoftext|>"
