"Idea Title: Alexa, Play X  Idea Description: Articles note that Amazon might be going into the car industry by working in partnership with manufacturers to enable Alexa use while driving. Its sounds like a move into the future but how do drivers think integrated voice technology within a car will help or hinder their driving skills? Levels of distraction, safety, etc? How much would they be willing to pay for it as a car upgrade? We can look at gender and generation demographics to see how answers differ.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Swabbing Produce  Idea Description: Weve all seen it. Youre grocery shopping in the produce aisle and you see a shopper casually munching on some grapes they just plucked from the produce stand. But realistically, that produce touches many hands, even the floor in some cases, as it travels to the stand. So how dirty is that produce? Using swabs, lets swab something common, say apples. We can determine if organic apples vs conventional are germier, if the apples on top vs the front are grosser.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Being the New Guy at Work  Idea Description: We 've all been there at some point. How do we go from being the new guy to feeling part of the team? For some, becoming part of the group can be a smooth transition. In contrast, for others, it can take months before they start to feel less of an outsider at work. For this campaign, let 's ask people how they often deal with being the new guy and let 's build a guide with handy advice for people about to begin their role as the new guy at their new jobs.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Do You Prepare for A Trip?  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would survey people to find out how much research they do before a trip. Would you take a class or just read a quick blog post? We would ask people how research related to happiness/enjoyment of the trip? Were stick itineraries tiring? Do you prefer to go in blind? We would try to determine the right amount of prep for the maximum enjoyment of your holiday. We would segment by geo, gender, countries visited, personality type (maybe), etc..  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Childhood Sports and Lifelong Fitness  Idea Description: What sports did you play as a kid? Soccer, football, basketball, or more individual sports like dance or swimming? How do the sports you play as a kid impact your fitness decisions later in life? Do former ballerinas tend to take more pure barre classes than former soccer players? Are basketball players more likely to join a social sports league than former swimmers? Lets survey people about their childhood sports to see how that impacts their adult workouts.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: NBA Fan Drinking  Idea Description: Since were already seeing early interest/clicks/open on the new RB Tailgate Confessional campaign, lets try executing that same project but instead focus on NBA teams. Like the current project, lets survey NBA fans on their drinking habits during games. We can determine whether pregaming is as prevalent among NBA fans, the average number of drinks each fan base consumes, which fan is most likely to show up at work hungover-- or skip all together, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: The Dos & Donts For Entertaining At Home  Idea Description: Have you ever gone to a house party and realized that the host has no idea how to throw a party? This has happened one to many times to me and Im sure that people feel the same way. For this project lets see what peoples pet peeves are when attending a house party. Also we can see what people enjoy the most about house parties and see how party preferences differ with each demographic. How does social class (Income) play a role into this? Lets find out!!  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Running on Empty  Idea Description: Between Millennials being the burnout generation and the condition being recognized by WHO discussion of this phenomenon is everywhere. Lets deep dive into who is experience burnout by gender, industry and generation and the causes behind it. Are women more likely to experience burnout because they feel more pressure to prove themselves at work? Things like that. Further, well look at how burnout effects overall well-being, productivity and of course, sleep.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: COVID Perks (combo)  Idea Description: Jobs often provide perks to entice their employees and increase retention, now that fewer people are going into the office or out in public are workplaces changing their incentives? What are the benefits that they want to see?For this project lets survey workers to see if they want traditional perks like subsidized gym memberships converted to subscriptions to online workout providers? Without free coffee in the office, do they want a home coffee stipend?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Drugs in Movies  Idea Description: Repeated exposure of drugs in a positive light in movies and TV shows may lead young children and teens into the [drug world](https://cmch.tv/parents/alcohol-tobacco-and-drugs/). For this campaign, lets use the International Movie Script Database to analyze the appearance and mention of the various drugs in movies over time. Have drug mentions gone up or down on the whole? Has the appearance of Xanax gone up over time and Marijuana gone down? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
