"Idea Title: Free Shipping  Idea Description: When I shop on Amazon, I almost never purchase anything that isnt a Prime product. I actually make an effort to try to shop at smaller businesses but when I see the shipping costs associated, Ill check amazon to see if I can get free shipping. This campaign would survey consumers to see how important free shipping is and what other factors are considered. Do people have intentions of supporting more small businesses but are not willing to pay a little more?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Would You Give Up for Your Nest Egg  Idea Description: Similar to other what would you give up/do campaigns, there are multiple reports out that state that todays baby boomers are going to have a hard time retiring (even worse for generation x). This is due to a lot of reasons but it would be really interesting to see from an intense financial perspective what older adults would do in exchange for a better/bigger retirement nest egg, i.e. taking on a second job, giving up vacation, moving in with your kids, etc  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Hollywood vs. The Future  Idea Description: This past weekend I watched IRobot and it made me really think where our society is headed. We have the capabilities to create functional AI and robots that can move just like us. For this project lets compare various Hollywood movies to see which movie people think is the most likely to happen. Will we be fighting off Robots like Will Smith or will we become lazy just like the people in Wall-E. What film do people think most closely aligns with our future?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Home is Where The Jobs Are  Idea Description: My parents lived there life and moved according to the jobs that they secured but according to internet research that trend is on the decline with only 11% moving for jobs in the last decade. The puzzle in this is that colloquially speaking lots of young wage earners want to. Lets look into this by asking people if they would want to, what are the top reasons why, why they dont, and if they did what their industry is and which state. Looking at generations.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: The Most Common Path To Stardom  Idea Description: This campaign will be research heavy. We will choose a list of artists that we want to look at (probably the billboard top 100 artists) and we will profile how they rose to stardom. How many started on youtube? How many went to a school like Julliard? How many were discovered at a young age. When do most successful artist release their first album. We could make generalizations about most artists and also do individual profiles for the most interesting facts.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Sleepiest States & Sickness  Idea Description: People everywhere are constantly looking for new ways to get the most out of their nightly slumber. During a time of allergies and common colds, ensuring a full nights rest is crucial. But, have you ever thought about the impact your environment and sleep schedule have on your health? Lets analyze regional sleep data from the CDC to uncover the sleepiest states, and see if theres an apparent correlation between sleep quality and certain medical conditions.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Human Trafficking by the Numbers  Idea Description: I think this is in the too dark for ADT 's new branding category but I didn 't want it to get lost in case there are other security brands it could fit into: Using Crime Data Explorer, I downloaded a data set on human trafficking numbers by city and state. We could compare human trafficking rates by city and state, looking at which cities/states are hotbeds for human trafficking. We can also look at the Juvenile variable to see how many kids are at risk.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: City Crimes Involving Guns  Idea Description: How many armed assaults or robberies are there involving guns in major cities? Using the open crime city we have compiled and a bit of manual coding (to look for the word gun or weapon involvement, let 's see which cities have weaponized crimes going down. We have around 9 major cities with around 8 crime categories and multiple categories contain weapons, so we could be working with a lot of data here (gun-involved burglary, motor vehicle theft, etc...).  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Should Insurance Be Calculated According To Americans  Idea Description: Do Americans think that car insurance should be calculated based on their demographic information? How many would want their rate to calculated by their actual performance - average speed, braking, time driving the vehicle, etc. How many people would think their insurance would go up if it was performance based? How many would adjust their driving to be safer to lower their monthly payment? How many think it actually should be based off demographics and why?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Online Doctors  Idea Description: Nowadays people use online doctors for all sorts of aliments from depression to rashes to birth control prescriptions. I want to survey 1000 people and find out what and why they go to a online doctor for, when they have found that a online doctor isnt enough, what prescriptions online doctors have prescribed them, what they will and wont go to their online doctors for, what they prefer about the online doctor experience vs the physical doctor experience.  <|endoftext|>"
