"Idea Title: Earnings Comparison: Sports vs Esports  Idea Description: Lets take a look at actual athletes and esports players and compare their earnings, we can compare by player age (Since younger players usually make more in esports) or how long theyve been playing professionally. Who makes more, and how many games do they play a week? Do baseball players make less money than an esports player even though they play more games a week? Which sports types avg pay comes the closest to what the avg esports player makes?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Happens Next?  Idea Description: Its hard to be a college superstar and even harder to make it to the NBA, but what happens to those college names who we all remember for a certain play, but they didnt make the cut on draft day? Did they become overseas stars, actually use their degree? Or maybe end up with brushes with the law? For this campaign wed examine the last few years of Sweet 16 Teams and NCAA Award winners to see how many really make the cut and where those who dont end up.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Dry January  Idea Description: Dry January is approaching and so many people are about to give up alcohol for 31 days. Lets run a two-part survey on those that participate. First, survey on Jan 1st why theyre doing it, how they feel currently (physically, mentally, etc) and on the 31st run another survey to see how many ppl followed through for the whole month, how many ppl gave in and when, how they now feel after a month of drinking (physically, mentally, etc) and from there compare.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Meditate, Meditate  Idea Description: J.Cole dropped KOD earlier this year and made meditation trendy in rap culture. Where else is meditation becoming more popular? And what type (TM, mindfulness, Zen) of meditation are folks practicing? What industries do they work in? Are there work places that encourage employees to meditate? What does that look like? Maybe we could bring HR and employers who we have access to here. Do therapists encourage those with anxiety/depression to meditate at work.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Seniors and Substances  Idea Description: Most people at some point in their lives use and possibly abuse mind-altering substances. The kids of Woodstock grew up and now they are Grandmas and Grandpas. What are their drug habits? Do they smoke, drink, do psychedelics? How have their substance use changed over time? Increased? Decreased? What are their perspectives regarding different types of drugs? Why do the use substances? This campaign would survey 1000 seniors about their substance use habits.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Going Commando 'Ai'Ai or No  Idea Description: Welcome to my idea. For this campaign, let 's survey 1,000 people about their underwear situation and what they think about going commando. What percentage say that they go commando? To what degree do they feel more comfortable? Why do they do they do this? Does it make them feel more confident? Sexy? Of those who do, how often do they wear those pants before they put them into the wash? Is there a difference among the generations? What about the genders?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: The Personality of Artists Music  Idea Description: For this idea we would run popular artist lyrics through Watson Personality API for this unique campaign that will aim to look at personality of albums and songs. How does Kanyes personality change from album to album? Can we track cheerfulness or other personality characteristics over time to see how they evolve or change? For this idea we would tap into the lyrics of select artists 'Ai Based on a conversation with promotions and the hottests artists.  <|endoftext|>
Idea Title: Confessions of Studying Abroad  Idea Description: Let 's run a survey of people who went abroad to understand exactly how much work went on that semester. How often did people drink? How often did they go to class? Was it necessary for their education? What did they get out of it? Did they get a spanish boyfriend? Was more studying a broad than studying abroad? Do they want to go back? Any horror stories? Great stories? This campaign would be a confessions of campaign about studying abroad  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Bouncers on Fake IDs  Idea Description: We can survey bouncers/ bartenders on their experiences with customers using fake IDs. how many of the them know its a fake and let ppl in anyway? how many even really glance at it? what happens if they know its fake-- do they call police, ask the customer leave or confiscate it? what are the top things that they notice that they know its a fake? we can expand it to ppl who are buying fakes.. where are they getting them and how old are they when the get it  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Geographically Challenged  Idea Description: Let 's run a survey similar to what we did for Where in the World but ask Americans to identify some of the middle/midwestern states and ask them what the capitol of their own state is, and other basic geography questions (name 10 states, or maybe have them fill in a region with those states names) to show how good or bad we are at geography, with a possible comparison of how often they use a GPS, if they ever had to learn all the states in school, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
