"Idea Title: Work Burnout  Idea Description: Lets survey people to see how severe they rank their burnout at work along with other questions. Itd be interesting to see the timeline of burnout (level of burnout, # of mos or yrs at current job) and do it similar to an asset like this https://onlinedoctor.superdrug.com/whats-your-type/assets/whatsyourtype2.png to see who feel burnout more intensely and early on What do people do to combat burnout? What do they feel is the most burnout contributor?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: BRFSS Caregivers  Idea Description: BRFSS has a whole section on people who are caregivers. Who are people taking care of and why?Have they thought about a home? See questions to explore at home but ultimately what state has the most caregivers? Who is the top relation you are taking care of? Are women more likely than men? Why are they taking care of them? Have they considered a home? Are people more likely to consider it for a grandparent than a parent? what about by age of caregiver?  <|endoftext|>
Idea Title: Interview protocols from Virtual Interviewing  Idea Description: An ask the experts style survey where we ask about hiring methodologies in a Covid world. What tools are used? How do they gauge things that are easy in person but difficult over video? What additional vetting/processes are they using? Is recruiting different? Have new remote options opened their talent pool? Is it better/worse for X type of job role hiring? Lots of questions we could get answer to by surveying hiring managers doing hiring during Covid  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Is the MLB the best baseball league in the world?  Idea Description: There are a number of professional baseball leagues around the world, and while the MLB is maybe the most well-known does it actually have the best players? Using stats from leagues around the world we could look at which baseball leagues have the best players. On average which league has the fastest pitches, the most home runs, or the most RBIs? We could break it down by positions such as which leagues have the best pitchers, shortstops, and outfielders.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What We Convey and Perceive Through Tears  Idea Description: Crying--we all do it. Whether you are the sort of person who sits dry-eyed at a funeral or the type who releases waterfalls when a reality TV show contestant is eliminated, everyone lets tears fall. What effects does crying have on our personal, romantic, and professional lives? Well look at how crying intersects with various parts of life and demographic differences between comfort with crying and how we perceive others doing it in different situations.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: One Story or Two?  Idea Description: For this real estate-focused campaign, well compare one story and two story houses.Well look at the pros and cons of each, how many people prefer each type and why, and how important it is to home-buyers.What are the most common benefits and annoyances of a two-story house? How much more are people willing to spend on their preference? What percentage of people (like my wife) refuse to live in a two-story home, and what percentage insist on it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: College Student Dining Habits  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would look at the dining habits of college students around America. To make it more interesting, we would segment the data by their socioeconomic background. Do students from worse backgrounds go out to eat more during a typical week than students from better backgrounds? Does one group cook at home more? Would they say that the city that their college is in has better or worse options when it comes to finding a healthy restaurant?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gun Safety  Idea Description: For those that own guns I have one question for you...where is your gun/s at this moment? This particular campaign is aiming to see how many gun owners are practicing good gun safety. How many gun owners just leave their guns laying around their home. Where are guns most likely to be in a persons home? Is it under their pillow, in their night stand, or even in a kitchen drawer?We also can see how this changes if a gun owner has a child in the house.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: AI Starts a Small Biz  Idea Description: Using OpenAis GPT-3, lets prompt the artificial intelligence model to come up with various small business ideas. Well have it focus on concepts that would thrive in the current climate. Which industry would it chose? How many employees would it hire? What would the company be name? Whats its mission statement? What channels would they use to market/promote their brand? What does their CSR plan look like? How much would it charge for goods/services?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Wait Times at VA Facilities  Idea Description: Using VA reports on wait times and appointment completions by facility, well look at where veterans are having to wait the shortest/longest to make an appointment. The reports go back to at least 2016, so we can see if there were any changes so far this year compared to previous years. I already spoke with Matt G., and these reports, though currently in PDF form, are actually pretty easy to convert to Excel files we can work with easily in Tableau.  <|endoftext|>"
