"Idea Title: Searching for Drugs  Idea Description: Using SEMrushs search volume tool, lets identify the most searched for prescription and illegal drugs in every state. Whats more we can scrape hashtags for certain drugs on Twitter and run them through a sentiment analyzer to identify the modern medicines Americans love or hate. Is sentiment more positive for natural remedies? We could swap the Twitter scrape for a short survey focused on drugs. Are people skeptical about taking otcs like advil?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Technology Frustrates Me  Idea Description: Yesterday I ordered a Smart Watch, yet it came with no instructions how to use it. As a result, I got on the phone with customer service and let them have it. For this project lets ask people what kind of technology/devices frustrate them the most frequently. Is is the Wifi, Siri not being able to hear them properly, their smart watch not working properly? What is it? We can also see who gets frustrated the most frequently with various devices too.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: male vs female gaze  Idea Description: In my feminist film theory class in college, we learned about the concept of male gaze, which describes how the camera pan and visuals in movies make for women to be the spectacle/object that men take in. in this study, point out specific movies with the male/ female gaze and see if they have become more/less prominent over time and relate it back to the state of the entertainment industry (increase in women directors, writers, etc) and politics today  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: If its not leaning, Im not going  Idea Description: Many of today 's tourist destination spots are fueled by the quirks or natural branding that they are known for. Recently it came out in the news that the leaning toward of Pisa was leaning less due to restructuring for safety concerns. This made me wonder, how would known landmarks be affected if they no longer had their quirks? Would people still go to the tower of Pisa if it was completely straight? Go to Venice if it was in no danger of sinking?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Investing In Sleep  Idea Description: This might be a bit too on brand, but I think this is one of those low hanging fruit ideas. Does putting money into sleep actually yield better sleep? Do people buy the best mattresses and does that yield the best sleep? How about mattress toppers, pillows, sheets and pillow cases, and blankets. All of these things are important to sleep, but does getting shitty sheets ruin your sleep? Again, on brand, but could be super interesting if we get good data.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Financially Literate Are Gen-Zers? (Global)  Idea Description: How knowledgable are college graduates about investing money? Without any formal curriculum in the U.S. education system about saving. taxes, and long-term investments, many Gen-Zers are left out to dry, having to figure out how to grow their wealth themselves. We can compare American Gen-Zers to European Gen-Zers to understand if this is an issue with the american education system or just an overall issue for the new generation of the workforce.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Make it Stop  Idea Description: Everyone has had to suffer through someone snoring at some point in their lives. Some people somehow deal with it every night from their partner. For this campaign we would as people how far they would go to never have to hear their partner snore again. Similar to other campaigns that we have done in the would you rather series that have done well I think that seeing the extremes people would go to would be funny and relatable to readers/publishers.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Scams, Frauds & Online Security by Generation  Idea Description: Lets survey people on their online data breaches (e.g., hacked accounts/passwords, identity theft, scams/frauds, etc.). We can break it down by type of scam/fraud and by generation to see if senior citizens are still the most affected by this or if it is distributed evenly among generations and gender. We can also look at what generations are most likely to get caught up in what type of scam and which generation is the most internet security savvy.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What makes a car luxury?  Idea Description: What do people say makes a car look or feel mroe expensive?whats the most luxurious or expensive colorwhat about speed?leather or cloth inside?sun roof or not?Truck, sedans, or two seaters?What 's the minimum price people say it costs to buy a luxury car?Do people think obtaining or owning a nice car like this in their lifetime is impossible?Let 's have people define the characteristics of a luxury car and what it means to them.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Agencies Adopting Electric Cars  Idea Description: Almost every agency in the U.S. government needs vehicles to get shit done. These taxpayer-funded cars need gas, maintenance and eventually replacement. Lets use data from the U.S. General Services Administration to see what type of cars every gov agency uses and how much they spend on their cars. It would be most interesting to see which agencies have been quickest to adopt LSEVs (electric vehicles) since 2011. Pitched to 360 quote, not selected  <|endoftext|>"
