"Idea Title: Behaviors of video game avatars  Idea Description: Especially in open-world games (GTA, WoW, Fallout, Legend of Zelda, etc.) how do players interact with each other and the environment? In particular, are there egregiously violent tendencies that are recurring and why do we do that? Does the game style matter? In GTA you shoot a rocket launcher at your friend, but in Legend of Zelda we also chase the chickens around throwing pots a them.How do open-world games release pent-up pandemic cabin fever?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: AI Wardrobe  Idea Description: Wearable tech is on the horizon. What if your favorite shirt could learn when youre most likely to stressed and emit gentle vibrations to calm you down? What if your undergarments could morph into armor after predicting youre being physically threatened? The possibilities are endless (see articles below). Lets do an industry analysis and figure out which industries are most ripe for disruption with this technology, according to the American public.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Music as a Sleep Aid  Idea Description: A recent study found that 60% of people listen to music to help them fall asleep. Lets run with this and get much more granular demo breakdowns. Which genders are more likely to listen to music to fall asleep? Which gen? What is the most popular genre? Artist? How are they listening: speaker, headphones, tv? How would they rate their sleep quality when listening to music vs not listening? What % stopped using medication sleep aids after trying music?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: AI writes a bedtime story  Idea Description: We\d have AI write a bedtime story, I'm a little fuzzy on the specifics of this methodology, but we can perhaps give it a bedtime prompt like Once upon a time.. or feed it 10 or so popular kids bedtime stories (Goodnight Moon, the Little Prince, etc) and have it create a bedtime story or a few based on that. For an extra layer, we could survey a few hundred parents of younger kids asking to rate it, and if they think their kids would enjoy it  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Interview Red Flags for the Applicants  Idea Description: It 's been a viral trend talking about how nonprofits calling their team a family is actually super toxic and opens the door for people to take advantage of the goodwill of their employees. However, oftentimes, that 's a big draw in a new job opportunity. In the long run, it probably was a red flag. Let 's survey those who have had an interview recently and the red flags they wish they would have known or ones they keep an eye out for actively.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Signs Youre The Favorite  Idea Description: Theres big discussions about the middle child being left behind, the first one getting all the responsibility, and the youngest getting everything but what are the *real* signs of whose the favorite? Is the youngest really always the favorite? We can survey both parents and just normal respondents and see who the favorites in their family were, why the perceive them to be the favorite? Do they always get their first car? Get to pick the restaurant?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Americans spend their income  Idea Description: How does the general American spend their income. This would reveal a lot about the values that society generally has when it comes to what they spend their money on. This could have a section on how much they spend on fitness (gym membership, classes, healthy food) to tie into the health and fitness vertical. We can also break this down on a male v female level. This could be great for pitching because it could touch on so many different verticals.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Who Really Has a Savings Account?  Idea Description: Maybe its because Im a millennial, but savings account isnt in my vocabulary. Any bonus offer I get says with a deposit of $25,000 or more-- who really has that? For this study wed explore this notion of savings accounts. Who has them? How much is in them? Why do they/dont they have them? and How much is in them? Wed do breakdowns by generation, gender and income. We could even include how people picked a their savings account if we wanted to.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Feigned Sleep Frequency  Idea Description: Pretending to be asleep in certain situations can significantly benefit individuals on various levels. For this project, lets survey 1,000 people to see just how common this method is employed and the unifying reasons behind feigning rest. From avoiding a social situation to evading daily responsibilities, which situations are driving this uncanny habit? Lets breakdown results by gender and relationship status to generate hyper-relatable takeaways.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: 2021 Graduates Outlook on Employment  Idea Description: Graduations are still around the corner even if its a pandemic. But many are saying there arent enough jobs out there for the new graduating class. Lets survey them on how theyre feeling about their opportunities and what they may be doing to get ahead of it all. How many are actively monitoring job boards? How many already have a job lined up with their internship? How many arent doing anything and planning to head back home to mom and dad?  <|endoftext|>
