"Idea Title: Pass The Aux  Idea Description: There are songs that are suitable for various situations. For this particular campaign let 's ask this simple question...what first song comes to mind when you\re pregaming, roadtripping, studying, etc. For this we can determine the most popular songs and artists for various situations. How do songs and artists vary with each generation, political party, etc. This ultimately will solve the issue of people that can 't handle the aux cord.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Worked to Death  Idea Description: Which types of jobs, industries or even job-levels are working people to death? For this campaign well use a survey of 1,000 fully employed people who are experiencing negative health consequences due to overwork. Well rank health concerns such as irritability, anxiety, worry, performance related stress, poor sleep among more serious ones, to see what the cost of performing at work is. What are the sacrifices you make to your health to get ahead?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Perfect Holiday  Idea Description: What makes the perfect Christmas? The perfect New Year? The best birthday? Or other holidays? For this idea we would ask 1,000 respondents questions surrounding surrounding what makes the perfect holiday. Is it a fun night out? A night in with friends and a movie? Is it a family tradition? We would take a lighter approach to the topic and explore the characteristics of the perfect holiday. How does this change by generation, or other demographics?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Taking Care of Home Tasks  Idea Description: What are the tasks people have done at home that they wished they had gotten a professional to do or tasks that they believe should always be handled by a professional? How does this differ by gender or age? What tasks were people to do originally but cannot any longer and defer to pros? What home tasks get put off the most because they require professional services? This campaign would explore these home tasks as they differ across different demos  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Coffee or $5 more a day  Idea Description: This would be a campaign about office perks. Weve done some in the past but I think we could 10x. Would you rather have $5 more a day, or no coffee at work? How much are various perks worth to people, and how much would they accept to not have them anymore? Wed use those values to see what people care the most and least about. Wed also look at employee satisfaction in places with different things, and find correlations to employee satisfaction.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Hated Game Makers  Idea Description: I read an article that said Epic, the game maker of Fortnite has a F rating on the Better Business Bureau. For this idea we would gather a number of top game makers and look them up and collect info on each from the BBB. Who has the most complaints? What are they about? We could possibly run sentiment, keyword analysis and more for writers and readers to explore. All data is public, so they could dive in themselves if they question the rankings.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tech vs Traditional Security  Idea Description: From smart doorbells to pet treat dispensers with cameras built-in, the security industry has definitely entered the tech boom. But how have consumers responded? And whats been the impact so far?Lets survey people on what security measures they have in their home along with additional questions like if theyve had their security system go down, are they using more than 1 system? How safe do they feel and if they are considering other options?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Passionate TV Fanbases  Idea Description: For this idea we would survey people first on the shows they love and next, on the extent they would go to for each show (or character). For example, do you go on the Walking Dead Cruise each year just to get a pick with Daryl? Do you host watch parties with your friends, or make special meals? Has your grail celebrity to meet? Have you written them letters? Do you follow them on social media? Just how far do we go for our favorite TV shows?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Is it Cheating?  Idea Description: Is it cheating to sleep beside someone of the gender you are attracted to? What if you snuggle? Spoon? How long is considered bad? What circumstances make it ok vs not ok? What if its for warmth in an extreme situation? What demographics would get mad about it? What if you sleep head to toe? What if you put a pillow between you? This survey would explore what is and isnt ok. What if the person is a longtime friend? Someone you used to date, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Ordering Groceries While Under the Influence  Idea Description: Lets use a survey to explore peoples grocery shopping habits or impulse buys while under the influence. How many people order groceries or beverages from the local store while drinking? How many have impulsively dropped $100 on food while high or drunk? Or ordered the faster delivery option and spent way more money than they usually do? How often does this happen, and what is the most someone has ever spent on an order while under the influence?  <|endoftext|>"
