"Idea Title: The Trendy Workplace  Idea Description: Many workplaces are opting for trendy additions like bean bags, standing desks, or ping pong tables to give workers a stimulating workplace where you can have productive breaks and a good workspace. What are the office designs workers truly wish they had? More private spaces for themselves? Somewhere to cook lunch instead of just heating it up? How many think their employers over or underspend on building a good workspace for their workers?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Millennial Meltdown  Idea Description: Millennials are on track to be the first generation not to exceed their parents in terms of job status or income, studies show. But how do millennials feel about it? Does the average millennial think they will do better/worse than their parents? If better, what are the top reasons why? If worse, what are the top things that they blame? What do millennials think of their fellow millennials? How does this change based on their background?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of media bias in the Trump era  Idea Description: A lot of analysis exists purportedly showing the official bias for various media outlets, but the public perception of bias is arguably more impactful. In a public sentiment survey, we could ask respondents about how they perceive which sources are most/least biased, why they think so, how the current political situation has influenced their opinions, etc.We can also see which direction they might head looking for more accurate news.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Worst Intersections in California  Idea Description: https://tims.berkeley.edu/tools/gismap/ This dataset gives crash level data for all accidents, not just fatal ones. It also does the calculations for most accidents at X intersection within a geofence. This could be used to VERY easily make city by city superlative, where we do the top 5 worst intersections for each city. It is also possible to segment crash by type. Headon vs. reareand. We could find the roads with the most of each type.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Attractive Music Artists in 2019  Idea Description: So who do survey participants think are the most attractive artists of all time? Is it the eyes? Theyre face? Which artists have the best lips, body and more? For this idea we would #1. have participants rate attractiveness of artists from a number of different genres... #2. we would construct the most attractive artist by listing who (male and female) have the most attractive characteristics. How does this change by generation and more?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Perception vs Reality of the UAE Landscapes  Idea Description: The UAE has many beautiful landscapes and sites to see but many travelers arent aware of them from the US due to the distance needed to travel. In this campaign we would show mturkers photos of the UAE and ask them to guess where the photo is located. Lets see what percentage of people know how great the landscapes are. What do they compare the photos to most?? Visualizations would showcase the beauty of the country in this on brand idea.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: The Many Smiles Of Emojis  Idea Description: More than a couple emojis smile. Some show their teeth, some are kind of confusing. Sometimes, people resort to old school techniques like :). Lets survey people to find out how they interpret each of these emojis and which ones they would use for specific situations. Are their differences when sending these to people of different sexes or sexual orientations? What are the most and least appropriate smiling emojis given each circumstances.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Do You Feel About Kissing?  Idea Description: Lets explore exactly how people feel about kissing. Some dont see it as a big deal while others see it as taboo. Do you prefer to kiss on the first date? Who do you kiss vs who you dont. Do you kiss your family members on the mouth? Does kissing turn you on sexually or not? Exploring exactly how people feel about kissing and what they deem okay and not could be interesting, especially segmented by gender, race, geographic location, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Putting Your Money Where Your Mouth Is  Idea Description: As a follow up to Mels campaign about consumers preferring small business and American made products, well explore how those preferences actually correlate to buying habits.Are consumers actually buying American products and patronising small businesses? Are they willing to pay more (what $ or %) for American made or small business products? What factors are drawing consumers towards or away from support small and American businesses?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Being Oblivious  Idea Description: Some people can always tell when someone is checking them out. Others are completely oblivious to the fact they people are looking at them or being flirty with them. Lets survey people to find out which one they are and how that seems to affect their lives. Do oblivious people think they are more unattractive or that people like them less? Do they find themselves progressing slower in relationships because they dont pick up social cues?  <|endoftext|>
