"Idea Title: Monitoring Your Childs Uber  Idea Description: Parents are using Uber to transport their kids even though its against the rules (18+). Uber drivers are shuttling kids to school, karate practices and more. Are busy parents with a higher annual income more likely to send their kids off on an Uber? At which age is it appropriate for a parent to allow their child on an Uber? How safe do parents feel when they send their kids off on their own? Do they need a sibling with them at all times?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Millennial Marriage Debt  Idea Description: They say millennials are putting off marriage because of student loans, but many are still taking the walk down the aisle-- but at what cost? For this study wed survey recently married young adults to see how much debt they had before marriage, how much they took on to pay for their wedding and how much their partner had. We can also explore if they knew the extent of their partners debt ahead of time and if they considered the outcomes.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Pets Influence Drug Use  Idea Description: Does your pet reduce stress? Does a pet help ease your drug use, due to keeping you busy or other reasons? Can a pet help you through recovery? For this idea we would find a sampling of people who have used a pet to help them overcome a number of events in life- Mental health, death of a loved one, all the way down to recovery... Just how many people in recovery report having a pet helped keep them sober? Gave them something to do, etc...  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Joys of Sharing a Bed  Idea Description: Anyone been told theyve kicked someone in their sleep? No, just me? We all have strange sleep habits that we really dont know about until were forced to share a bed with someone. For this study wed dive into everything related to sleep walking, talking, punching, kicking, eating in sleep. Wed survey people about what they didnt k now they did in their sleep until sharing a bed with a partner and their solutions for these situations.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Losing Sleep for the Big Day  Idea Description: Engagement season has ended and wedding season is about to peak, but while planning for the best day of your life seems fun, in reality its a lot of stress (ie bridezilla). For this study wed explore the effects of wedding planning stress--- how much sleep is lost, who is losing sleep and how that impacts the day of the event. We would dive into the things that cause brides and grooms to lose sleep and what they do to try to combat it.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fear of Harm - Rankings  Idea Description: Some people are massively scared of bodily harm, but if we were to aggregate survey results, we could better understand which fears about harm compare to other types of fears. Fear of being stabbed, or shot, or beaten, or raped. How do they score against other types of fears. Things like going broke, losing a job, losing a home, having a loved one die, having a dog die, etc. What is the spread of fear about bodily harm vs. emotional harms?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Smart Home vs. Old School Security  Idea Description: Lets run a survey where we look for two groups: those that have smart home features and those who do not. Who actually feels safer? Do those people who can access their security camera at work really feel safer compared to those that might only have a bat by their door? How many home break-ins has each group actually experienced? The goal of the campaign would be to see if these smart home additions are actually making us feel any safer.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Attitudes Towards Sickness and Work  Idea Description: How do employees and managers feel about sickness and work now? Originally this idea was about attitudes towards going to work sick, and going into why people feel the need to go to work when they arent feeling well. Maybe with the recent pandemic, we can gauge how people feel about this subject now. How have views changed? Are businesses going to start embracing wfh? Is it no longer going to be acceptable to show up to work with a cold?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Perceptions of Circumcision  Idea Description: Opinions on whether male circumcision is acceptable varies among cultures. In some nations, male circumcision is thought of as a necessary procedure for male function and health. Others perceive it as a violation against male genitalia, a threat against infant safety, and a diminishment of male sexual pleasure. What do Americans think of circumcision today? Have our ideas on circumcision evolved to more closely mirror those of Europeans?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Restaurant Turn Offs  Idea Description: If youre new to the area or just looking to explore your city the answer nearly always is, food. However when walking in to a new food place a quick how about no u-turn can happen if they dont have enough ventilation or seriously banged up chairs. Lets explore the restaurant features that just turn off food patrons before they even get to the food. What are the worst offenses? The most commonly seen? What are the top reactions to them?  <|endoftext|>"
