"Idea Title: Rideshare Drivers on Substances  Idea Description: When I opened the door to my Lyft the other day, a cloud of marijuana smoke drifted out to meet me. The driver flashed me a wide, exagerrated grin. Yep, he was high af. How frequently are ride share drivers transporting passengers while under the influence?Virtually everyone agrees you should not drive drunk, but a high proportion of marijuana users dont feel theyre a hazard while on the road when high. Lets explore this idea.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Bad Trips  Idea Description: Im sure there are plenty of people who have used drugs and either had a bad trip or just a terrible experience. How many people have experienced this? What drugs are most common to have bad experiences. How many of these bad experiences led to people to quit using that drug? Did that bad trip cause them to quit other drugs or all drugs as well? How often were they using before the trip? If they didnt quit, did their use at least reduce?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Cost of Working for X Business  Idea Description: Using IPUMS data, we can analyze the expenses related to working in a particular industry and by business size. Teachers, for example, have been known to spend their own money on classroom items, so lets analyze these expenses over the course of 5 or 10 years. On average, how much do employees in X industry pay out of their own pockets? Are smaller businesses more guilty of doing this compared to larger businesses in the same industry?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: High Speed Chase Deaths  Idea Description: In general, according the University of Iowas study, emergency vehicles are more likely to get into fatal accidents. In this campaign, we would focus specifically on deaths related to vehicles. We can get very granular with our analysis, down to the county level. How many offices were hit by cars? What about high speed chases and motorcycle crashes involving police officers, and even look at the most dangerous time of year for officers.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Armed Road Ragers  Idea Description: Road rage involving firearms have more than doubled since 2014. Many drivers have admitted to purposely tailgating a vehicle, yelling or honking at the horn but how many respondents took their road rage to the next level by bringing out their firearm to the mix? Confrontations escalate and drivers are pulling guns on each other more and more. Which states, cities and intersections/highways are the most likely to have a driver with a gun?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Does vaping slow you down?  Idea Description: E-cigs are incredibly popular among the younger generation. There are diverging opinions regarding whether or not they affect your health in the same way as cigarettes. For high school and college athletes, vaping may affect their performance. Lets compare various health factors of high-school and college age sports-players who vape to whose who dont. If theres enough sample size, we can add in athletes who smoke cigarettes as well.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What if we get drivers off the road?  Idea Description: This is inspired by the What if we never changed campaign. For this project, we would calculate what the air quality in big cities like Los Angeles will be in 2030 if X% of drivers start taking public transportation or ride sharing. We will compare that to what the air quality will be if the driving rates stay the same or even increases slightly. We would show the differences with visuals, like in the what if we never changed campaign.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Eye Colors Sell The Most Movie Tickets?  Idea Description: For this idea we would take a fun look at movies or even recording artists 'Ai Whatever promotions thinks is most viral... We would then record the eye color of each actor or artist and then track down stats on ticket sales for movies theyve been leads in, or record sales for their albums 'Ai Regardless, the results would be to look at the success of their career by eye color. Is there a certain eye color we see more among celebrities?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Drunken Confessions  Idea Description: How many people have drunkenly confessed something to their friend, significant other, parent, or coworker? Either the drunken no filter persona worked for you or it didn 't. Let 's survey 1,000 people to see how many have drunkenly confessed, what they confessed to, and the outcome of the situation. How many times does a drunken confession improve vs harm the relationship? What types of things are ok to confess and totally not ok to?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whose Responsibility is it...  Idea Description: To care for the elderly?In some cultures, children are expected to care for their parents. Some regions and cultures value continued independence as a method of maintaining dignity throughout older age, and others still rely on the assistance of nursing homes and the similar independent living facilities. Lets survey Americans on their thoughts of the responsibility of the individual and society to care for our aging population.  <|endoftext|>"
