"Idea Title: Entertainment ROI  Idea Description: For this campaign, well calculate and compare various measures of ROI for different types of entertainment, such as video games, sporting events, movies, etc.Which forms of entertainment have the lowest cost per minute? Which have the highest amount of satisfaction per dollar spent? Which have the lowest overall cost and the highest overall cost? How do various add-ons (concessions, in-game purchases, parking fees) factor into this?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Cyberbullying in College  Idea Description: In this project, lets survey 1,000 college students about their experience with cyberbullying. What percentage have been cyberbullied? Who was it by and for what reasons? How did this affect their mental health, grades, college experience, etc.? What percentage had to pay for therapy sessions as a result of cyberbullying? How many have considered dropping out or changing schools? On the flip, what percentage have bullied others online?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Money Behind Representation  Idea Description: Using some research, we can easily find how much movies gross. Lets research the highest grossing movies of 2018. Well use mturkers to define how many female lead characters, characters of color (broken down by race), LGBTQ characters, race of directors, and pull in each movies gross profit. Well create vizs on how much movies make when they have female lead actors vs male, male directors vs female, racial representation vs white.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How HR and Businesses Are Going to Handle Coronavirus  Idea Description: This would be a newsjack campaign of 2 assets on how HR managers and company supervisors are approaching coronavirus in the United States and their workplace risks. How many companies have a plan? How many think its not a big deal? How does the average age of a company affect their decision-making process, and are companies offering remote/wfh capabilities going to have less downtime than those with no remote capabilities implemented?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Lynchpin Employees  Idea Description: Often times, small businesses rely on one or two key employees, who are instrumental to the business. This would be an exploration of the phenomenon. It would ask questions about if they have these employees, how many they have, what would happen if they left, how fairly do the employers feel they compensate them, have they offered equity, what is the avg tenure of such an employee? How does this differ by key demographics of employers?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Moving in Together  Idea Description: Lets survey people who live with their significant other, and split up and compare their results by how long theyve been living with them. How much more optimistic are people in the first month or two vs. 10 years? What are the biggest fights about? How much happier, more fun, and sexier are couples who recently moved in together, and where is there a drop off point? Im guessing many of those things look like an inverse bell curve.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Near The Brink of Extinction  Idea Description: Over the years, Fractl has done many campaigns exploring the idea of success from a small business perspective but what about those who have experienced the brink of destruction, or failure? What led them to the brink of extinction? Was it their own mistake or something out of their hands? How did they keep motivated to bring themselves out of it to save the business? What difficult decisions had to be made - layoffs? taking on loans?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Texting Trust  Idea Description: (I put an idea very similar to this in a different ideation, dont remember for what client)At what point do you speak up and ask someone whos driving (you as the passenger) to get off their phone? Do you offer to text for them? How does this differ if its a friend, a family member, or an uber/taxi driver? How many people would speak up at all if the driver was blatantly on their phone and didnt have their eyes on the road?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Modern fallout shelter  Idea Description: Nuclear fallout shelter = basementCyber fallout shelter = not connected to the internetIn this project we could survey peoples perceptions about imminent threat by generation, and what steps they are taking or are willing to take to prepare for a doomsday scenario. Older generations may have invested in basement bunkers that were fallout-proof, but are folks prepared for an attack that cripples national cyber architecture?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Crowd Sourcing, What Car Do I Drive?  Idea Description: Joe Romando would have guessed I drive a jeep. I think Ryan would either drive a Prius or a Skyline. For this campaign, lets allow people to upload a picture of themselves and the car they drive and what their dream car is, and create a crowdsource where people can guess what kind of car this person drives, what their dream car is, and see if they are correct. We can Meta score people on how obvious it is what kind of car they drive.  <|endoftext|>"
