"Idea Title: Superbowl!!!!  Idea Description: For decades, the Superbowl has been THE PLACE for companies to advertise, 30 second spots selling for millions of dollars. Nowadays, its become slightly different, companies like coke and bud light share their SuperBowl ads the week before the big game. But which ones have the longest shelf lives? Do some become cult classics? For this project, wed analyze the YouTube views for all the SuperBowl commercials of the last three years.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What Makes a Great Artist  Idea Description: Beyonce is a great artist, if not one of the greatest. But I happen to think shes not one of the greatest singers. So whats the criteria for a great artist? Lets survey people who listen to music (like me) with no educational backing, students of music, professors, and musicians. Lets find out what they believe the criteria for a great artist is. Is it someone with range? intonation? their music says something - is political etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Perception of Moms and Edibles...  Idea Description: I read an article that said people perceive white moms who eat edibles (or smoke) are perceived as better parents than black moms. For this idea, we would not only look into that, but would look at the perception of parents who smoke or ingest marijuana. Do people think its more okay for a dad to smoke before taking their child to the park? This idea would aim to point out difference in perception between a number of demographics.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: FOMO & Sleep  Idea Description: The majority of my friends live in California while I live in Florida and the time change has really affected my relationships with those friends. I see them posting about them going out on Saturday night while its already Sunday for me. And as a result Ill stay up much later than I anticipated simply because I get FOMO. For this campaign lets see how FOMO can and will affect not only our sleep but various aspects of our lives.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: What is a Small Loan?  Idea Description: Inspired by the whole Donald Trump small loan of a million dollars from his dad, this project would explore what different demographics of people consider to be a small loan and how it differs by the type of person they are getting the loan from. How does the price range for a small loan differ between different income levels, whether or not they have siblings, how they were raised (poor, middle class, etc.), race, generation, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sex After...  Idea Description: A lot of things get more difficult as you get older, especially when it comes to relationships/marriages. Itd be interesting to see how the older generation keeps the romance alive and in particular if there were things the did in their youth that they feel made their relationships last longer. Could also include older people that have bounced back after a divorce/death and how they feel about being intimate/what makes them nervous.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gains and Goals Analyzed  Idea Description: Using the subreddit r/gainit, let 's do some text analysis to see what body parts/muscle groups are being bulked or worked on the most. We can also look for mentions of macros: proteins, carbs, and fats along with any corresponding numbers to get the average macro breakdown for those talking about gains. Let 's also look for words like steroids, and posts happening on 2020 and after, to also look at gym aspirations of the new year.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Yellow Lights - Gun it or Stop  Idea Description: An experiment/survey, where we take video of a car driving toward a light that is turning from green to yellow. Just after it turns yellow, the video stops, and the survey participant is asked, should the car gun it and keep going, or should they start to stop the car? We would then correlate the answers to these video questions with demographics including demographics about the person, and also about the type of car that they drive.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Best City for Your Industry  Idea Description: We can pull the traditional data we would use for best area to live (i.e. low cost of living, etc.) but pair this with what cities have the most posts within the last year of job listings specifics to your industry. Would need to double check that we can do this kind of scrape, but would be interesting to say these are the top cities for teachers in the U.S. based on a years worth of Indeed scrapes paired with a low cost of living  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hungover at Work  Idea Description: Lets explore how many people come to work hungover af. What industry? How frequently? How does this vary by role type or generation? Have they gotten sick? Been caught? How many have taken a day off from work due to a hangover? How frequently is paid time off used for hangover recovery? Considering how many pieces we do about alcohol in the workplace, lets look to see how that transforms when we have the hangovers from that alcohol  <|endoftext|>"
