"Idea Title: Washing away the guilt  Idea Description: Do you have high efficiency light bulbs in your home? Are you like Hannah, who recently told me she was looking for low water shower heads to help save the planet? Are you someone that constantly runs the water while you shave or brush your teeth? With an increasing focus on our environmental impact, lets see what things people are doing at home and/or the items theyre purchasing (or not) that are impacting the world around them.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Americans (& Canadians?) Financial Literacy  Idea Description: Lets quiz people on basic principles of financial literacy. This way we can examine the state of Americas (and Canadas if we want) financial literacy and basic understandings of personal finance. There is a discussion around including personal finance classes into the (Floridian) high school class schedule so we could hop onto the discussion around debt, debt management and knowledge around personal finance with this project.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Spending and Saving  Idea Description: This campaign will look at demographic trends in spending and saving habits. In the same vein as spending money on convenience this idea will break down habits by demo and reveal how much money people are spending and saving and how much they are spending on certain things. Will can break down spending categories and list the specifics. Pretty much just listing the average budget, but showing the demo comparisons and trends.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Viral Python Libraries - Examining Trends in Open Source Tech  Idea Description: Using github stars, and timestamps, its possible to track the rise of specific python libraries. Using flourish and other tools, we can create animated visualizations of the rise and fall of specific libraries within specific languages. The goal here would be to understand that some libraries quickly move into the space, and become viral launching the new possibilities and having thousands of other devs riff off their creation.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Essential Permits  Idea Description: A handful of neighborhoods and cities have had extreme lockdowns, lets pull the permit data for some and see what the change in permits granted looks like. Has new construction come to a halt? Are people taking advantage of having more time at home, have the types of projects changed?Example Dataset from Cincinnatis open data portal: https://data.cincinnati-oh.gov/Thriving-Neighborhoods/Cincinnati-Building-Permits/uhjb-xac9  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Manifestation in Dreams  Idea Description: When we are extremely stressed, sad, etc. these feeling often transfer into our dreams. But what form do these emotions take for most people? Do you feel stuck? Like youre falling? Does your significant other break up with you or cheat on you? For this project, wed compile a list of dream types associated with different emotions and ask people how often they think they have dreams related to that emotion and what form it takes.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Spring Breaking the Bank  Idea Description: January and February can be the longest and coldest months of the year, but they lead into the hottest time of the year-- Spring Break. For this study we\d survey college students about their spring break spending habits. We would break down costs to get to their destination, what their fun costs are alcohol? drugs? sexual protection? We\d also dive into where this money is coming from-- parents, student loans, credit cards?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Balancing Time Spent on Relationships  Idea Description: How does the time spent with our significant other and friends change over time? Do we gradually hang out with friends less and less as we get older? For couples who have very few friends, why? How many partners do not allow their s.o. to be around certain friends but still do anyway? Are certain days and times dedicated to specific people? How many people avoid a friend because they disagree with who they have settled down with?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Come Over!  Idea Description: Sharing your home with people can be a truly heartwarming experience or an outright disaster; on that basis how soon is it too soon to invite different types of people over? How long can you avoid it before you start getting people annoyed at you? Do millennials have instant trust and invite sooner than baby boomers? Or are baby boomers inviting people from church sight unseen? How do thoughts of safety and gender play into this?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Fitness Milestones/Bucket List  Idea Description: Having a fitness milestone or bucket list is extremely motivating, and something that might be more common because both fit and unfit people can have them. Lets survey people about their fitness milestones achieved and their bucket list items. Between marathons, iron mans or even common running or strength goals, well be able to determine how much fitness is on everyones mind, as well as most attainable or unattainable goals.  <|endoftext|>"
