"Idea Title: The Streaming Awards  Idea Description: When The Mandalorian came out on Disney+, Baby Yoda was an instant sensation. Baby Yoda memes swept the internet and the BY toy was #1 on Amazon. But if we took a survey, would streaming service fans select BY as their favorite character? Their favorite show?Lets conduct a poll to find out what shows people are watching, who theyre rooting for (or against), etc.This can be our version of the streaming services Oscars  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Safe Space at Work  Idea Description: How many people feel like they could actually discuss any concerns they have at work openly? How many women, for instance, have felt harassed at work but felt like they didnt have the ability to bring it up at work for fear of being fired? How many people feel like coworkers cross the line regularly but there are no consequences? Do they think workplaces of the future will have more openness to talk as they become more remote?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: My kids are destroying my home  Idea Description: With so many kids home full-time, how many people have had scenarios of their kids destroying their homes How many parents admit they spend more time fixing their kids messes and accidents now that kids are home all the timewhat percentage of parents admit losing focus on their kids when these things happen?WHo has hired help? who is winging it?What situations have they had of their kids popping into meetings or calls?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Much is Your Data Worth  Idea Description: How much is your businesses data worth? Do you collect a name, age, location? Buying trends, personality characteristics, or more? When you look at leads for businesses, the more qualified, the more its worth 'Ai Just how much is that data worth in your industry? For this idea we would attempt to quantify and give business owners suggestions on data they should be collecting. It would be more of a blog post for business owners.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Starter Cars  Idea Description: The car that you start out with might not be the fanciest but it will always be remembered as your first car. While this is often related to budget and income of parents Ive definitely seen some trends. Whats the top overall car make and model? Just the overall car make? How many got new cars? Overall most popular starter car color? Who financed? How does this differ by generation? Gender? What age did you get your first car?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Gamer Fitness  Idea Description: Everyone knows that sitting down/sitting in front of a computer for extended period of time is very bad for your health. For this particular project, let 's survey gamers and compare their fitness levels to the average person. How do gamers stay fit especially when they play for an extended period of time every day. We also can determine the typical gamer diet and compare and contrast them to the average person as well.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Which Demographics are the Best Typists  Idea Description: We would ask people to enter their detailed demographic data. Age, gender, location, religion, political affiliation, income, profession/industry, feeling about donald trump, etc. We would then have them take the Typing.com typing test and report their score averaged over 2-3 tests. We could then find the answer!We could also have an interactive that would show people where they fit within these specific demo results.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: American Understanding of Nutrition Labels  Idea Description: Essential oil moms, fitness gurus, and the health conscious among us--many make a point of discussing how intently they pour over nutritional labels to ensure they aren 't putting anything bad in their bodies. For this idea, we 'll gather survey respondents who claim to have a high level of understanding of nutrition labels and common ingredients in food items, looking at how well their understanding of nutrition labels is  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Did You Know?  Idea Description: How many people in Florida would be able to drive in the snow? Do they know the things you need to do in order to drive in the snow (snow tires, defrosting, putting chains on tires, etc.) How many people would be SOL when driving in inclimate conditions? For those that live in snowy states what are the biggest Dos and Donts? How many people have driven in a snowstorm compared to how many people would rather wait it out?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Social Workplace and its Influence on Productivity  Idea Description: A recent study found increasing cases of loneliness in the workplace due to decreasing face-to-face communication and increasing use of media and tech. Lets survey employees on how social they perceive their workplace to be and if/how the workplace/company culture influence their social life (events, friendship with co-workers, ...). Lets then assess what impact loneliness/sociability at work has on perceived productivity.  <|endoftext|>"
