"Idea Title: Frequent Drivers Opinions on Their Cars  Idea Description: Lets survey uber and Lyft drivers (or frequent drivers in general) about their car brand to see which cars are most used for ride sharing services. Then theyd rate their car for different things, such as driver comfort, passenger comfort, mileage and gas, repairs etc. Wed then see what cars are best for comfort but also the ones that are best in gas usage and the ones that are cheapest to maintain, cheapest to ensure, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Americas Favorite Beer  Idea Description: Lets survey 1,000 Americans and ask about their beer preferences. We could categorize major beer companies so we have winners across multiple categories (Lager, IPA, Blonde, etc) Potential assets:- What your favorite beer brand (by category)?- What age did you first try beer?- How many beers do you drink in one sitting?- Americas favorite beers (overall, rank each states most popular beer)^^ grab demographics  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: The Good & The Bad  Idea Description: Every conversation that I have with my mom will always result back to Trump or how millennials are messing everything up. For this campaign lets simply ask people in each generation what they think their generation does well and what their generation is terrible at. Which generation do people believe has the most positive or negative contributions towards our society and what are their positive and negative contributions?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Its Just A Game  Idea Description: As a very competitive person I can get frustrated with things dont go my way. I would way that I am very good with anger management and coping with failure but some people arent. For this project I want to better understand how much money people have wasted when they get frustrated. How many broken controllers, computers, consoles, and tvs do frustrated gamers go through and how much money have they spend on broken devices?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Police Enforcement Employment growth and crime rates over time  Idea Description: https://crime-data-explorer.fr.cloud.gov/downloads-and-docsUsing the summary (srs) data and the police employment rate data for each state, we can look at how crime rates for different crimes have changed from the 90s through 2018. What states have seen the biggest increases in crimes but not a growth in police offers? What about when police officer employment went up and crime rates went down?This is not city level data.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Who is the fittest U.S. President?  Idea Description: Back in 2017, Donald Trump made waves when he expressed his theory on exercise - which was/is that hes against it because the human body is like a battery with a finite amount of energy.Lets conduct a photo analysis of every U.S. presidents headshot to determine who was the fittest Head of State in our history.This can also be expanded more broadly to senators, congresspeople, etc. to see if we can find any patterns.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Can people spot the sketchy?  Idea Description: Lets gather images from Rings user forums of our employees of sketchy things happening. Like someone in the bushes or a car driving up and down a street. Then we would survey people and ask them if they can identify the saftey risk. How many people dont see the guy lurking or notice the same car drive by 2x? These are little things people can catch early on to protect their home. This would be a bit more of a unique execution  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Condom Bad Behavior  Idea Description: There are many ways to misuse condoms. This would be an exploration of concom bad behavior. Specifically asking people the age of their box of condoms, if they know the expiration or how old their condoms are. Do they keep them in a hot car? In their wallet? where they can be worn or damaged? We would also ask questions about men buying condoms too large for them for pride reasons. What types of guys are the worst offenders?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Workplace Friendships  Idea Description: Workplace friendships can blossom into lifelong friendships that go far beyond the walls of the job where the relationship was formed. The workplace can also be a place where romantic relationships are formed and leads to marriage, etc. But maybe others havent had such luck. Lets do a survey to see how many employees have made lifelong relationships at work and how many havent. We could segment it by gender, industry, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Marriage Regrets  Idea Description: How many people wish theyd waited a few more years to get married? Why? How many people just wish theyd married a different person entirely? Why? If so, what was their main reason for initially getting married? What were they most attracted to in the past? Looking back, who thinks they should have eloped/gone to the court house instead of spending a lot on a wedding? How does this differ by age, year of marriage, and gender?  <|endoftext|>"
