"Idea Title: Physical Banking  Idea Description: I havent been to a bank in at least 4 years, but Im sure for older generations and even many millennials, this is not the case. This project would look into the way different demos are banking. What % of millennial men do all of their banking/money transfers/transactions online? Does this differ significantly for women? How far apart are the different generations when it comes to online transactions with their money?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Reckless Fast and Furious Moves  Idea Description: As someone who considers themselves a massive Fast and Furious fan, I have to wonder when I watch those movies who is pulling the most reckless, completely impossible moves with their car. Further-- which moves would give you the highest insurance premiums? Lets analyze the Fast and Furious franchise (only Tokyo Drift if we must) to see the most risky cars, stunts and who would be paying the most for their insurance.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Masks on the Job hunt  Idea Description: Post Covid: as people look for jobs, will they be wearing masks to interviews? Will they show up wearing one or will they just bring it? What is their perception of this? DO they think interviewing will be weird wearing a mask? Will people ask about if they ahve to wear a mast to their interview? How many people will let this impact their job search? How many people will ask if they can do a virtual interview instead?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The State of Hitchhiking in America  Idea Description: My mom would tell stories of how many times she would hitchhike when she was young. I dont really hear about hitchhikinng much, which begs the question: Has hitchhiking significantly fallen over the years? We could ask how many people have ever hitchhiked and how many times. What years do they estimate they hitchhiked in? Would people hitchhike today? Would they pick someone up? Does it depend on the type of person?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Internet Perceptions vs Reality  Idea Description: Everyone has a different perception of how the internet works... How many people even know what an IP is? or a VPN? How two-factor works? or other security practices, like HTTPS vs HTTP, and other interesting basic to non-basic terms surrounding internet jargon and practices. How does this vary by generation, and other demographics like computer and internet use, etc... For this idea we would explore a ton of  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Baking away money  Idea Description: I saw so many cooking and baking posts over the pandemicso this got me wonderingHow much money have people spent on baking ingredients? Even betterhow much of their baked goods have people wasted?how much does a pan of brownies cost and then based on that how much have they wasted on un eaten baked goods?this could be applied to full meals toobut i think ooking at food waste could be really interesting  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Buying Happiness  Idea Description: The cliche money can 't buy happiness may or may not be true. Let 's explore people 's reported satisfaction with their biggest purchases. We can ask how much they splurged, how long they saved up, whether or not they financed it, etc. Will financing vs. saving up for the big spend change the level of satisfaction? What about short-term vs long-term? Do people end up regretting big purchases further down the line?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Going Solo  Idea Description: Your favorite team is coming to town, but all of your friends are busy, what do you do? For this project we would look into perceptions of sports fans when it comes to going to games solo. Which fanbases are the most ok with going to a game alone? Which sport has the most independent fans? What % of people would take someone they dont even really like before going alone? Who would miss a big game before going alone?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Parents and prescription drugs  Idea Description: A campaign that focuses on what parents do and dont allow their kids to do. We can focus on different age groups and activities associated with those times in kids lives to make this tangential. To make sure theres a drug angle we can look at parents and medication for their kids. How many parents avoid taking their kids to the doctors? dont get them vaccinated? let them take prescription medication after surgery?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: The Effect of Alcohol on Your Sleep  Idea Description: For this idea we would survey people on their quality of sleep after a night of drinking various types of alcohol, or consuming other types of substances, like marijuana. Do you get better or worse sleep? Chances are, worse. We would ask people follow up questions 'Ai What % of respondents are more restless throughout the night? Experience waking up more frequently? Wake up hung over, or need to sleep in more hours?  <|endoftext|>"
