"Idea Title: Worst & Dirtiest Restaurants on Yelp  Idea Description: For all of the great ratings on Yelp, there are also a TON of really bad ones, complaining about the speed of service, quality of food, or CLEANLINESS of the restaurant. Let 's analyze which cities have the worst restaurants, and what type of restaurant has the lowest averages overall. We could also potentially analyze the review text and see how often dirty or gross comes up. What places are the dirtiest?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Hiding Money From Your Significant Other  Idea Description: How transparent are people with their significant others about their finances? Well look at what financial aspects of life people share with their loves and at what point in a relationship people feel its appropriate to reveal various aspects of their financial lives to the people theyre dating. At what romantic milestone do people put it all out on the table, and what X% of people feel they never have to.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: WFH Productivity Stack Survey  Idea Description: What tools, Saas Products, self-hacks, etc. were most key to productivity, communication, and overall success for both companies and workers. This would be a mass survey, asking about which tools are most prevalent, and which ones are seen as most essential along some specific quality (efficiency, communication, etc.). Basically trying to get at a crowdsourced superlative list of the best products and practices.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Limits of Trump Support  Idea Description: Trump famously said he could shoot someone in times square and his supporters would still be there. For this project, we would test the limits of supporters. What could he really do and keep their support? Kill someone? Actually commit treason? Rape someone? Child abuse? Take cocaine, etc. We would then look at this along demographic lines. Which trump supporters are most willing to accept him doing anything..  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Are Minorities Forced to Do More Dangerous Jobs?  Idea Description: Lets use the CDC and blss data on injuries at work, and deaths at work, and create rankings of the safest and least safe jobs. This could be a project in itself. BUT IF WE WANT IT TO GO CRAZY VIRAL We can also cross this by looking at the demographics of jobs, and see if there if minorities are having do do dangerous jobs at a disproportionate rate. Id bet black and hispanic jobs are way, way more dangerous.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: School Picture Confessions  Idea Description: School pictures are almost a rite of passage and depending on your school there might be two sittings a year, but how many parents are still getting picture packages? How are they budgeting/affording them? Until when do they buy them? Do they add the extras like retouching? What do they do with them? To move a bit away from the parenting we can also survey people who receive them and ask what they do with them?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Americas Insecurities  Idea Description: This project examines what body parts Americans are most insecure about. We will use click tracking to let respondents indicate what parts of their bodies they feel insecure about. Well follow up with a couple of questions around why they feel insecure and what theyre currently doing about it. Those who dont do anything but still feel insecure wed ask what they would like to do and whats holding them back.  <|endoftext|>
Idea Title: Thinking About the Future  Idea Description: At a young age we think we are invincible and we athletes will put their body on the line just about every day. For this idea lets survey which athletes are the most conscious about their body and how their body will feel in the future. How many people have reconsidered or even quit the sports they have played in the past simply because they dont want to be in terrible shape in the future? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Can you guess this persons natural eye Color?  Idea Description: This is simple, but I feel like people may be able to guess peoples eye colors, or perhaps certain people have facial features, or even attitudes that some might associate with a certain eye color. Lets photoshop different color eyes on the same person and randomize their real eye color within a selection of the person with different eyes. Its a quiz, but it could be fun as well as good data collection.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: $ide Hu$tle  Idea Description: Would you do mindless or little tasks for money? How many Australians or Brits are considering a side job, and would they consider taking odd jobs like the ones listed on the site? How much would they charge for some of the more common services searched for on the site? Is there a difference between what jobs Brits vs Australians would or wouldnt take? If they currently have a side job, how much do they make?  <|endoftext|>"
