"Idea Title: The rise of the uneducated investor  Idea Description: With the advent of Robin Hood, Coinbase, and a variety of platforms, how uneducated have investors become, particularly younger ones entering the market? How many people are speculatively investing vs. doing research? How many have invested on something based on instagram, podcasts, or elsewhere? This campaign would try to understand the education level of investors, and the trend toward risky investments  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: What if these NFL hits happened off the field?  Idea Description: What if the Ndomukong Suh Stomp happened in real life and not on the football field? What if Kam Chancellor 's hit onto Vernon Davis in 2017 happened on the street? In this campaign we would would compile a list of some of the hardest hits in the NFL and maybe the NHL too and have an injury attorney estimate what the victim might be entitled to and what the assailant might be fined or get in jail time.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Old person etiquette  Idea Description: When you get to a certain age, the carbs dont count, foul language comes into play and no apologies are necessary. Maybe Im just taking a mental note at Publix, but the older generation really couldnt care less about what we think of them and for a majority of grandchildren, we almost feel intimidated. So what questionable behaviors do baby boomers realize theyre supporting and is the joke just on us?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: #HappyHour (revised reboot)  Idea Description: We produced this campaign previously and it did ok, but it focused on happy hour around the world. I think this could do well if we exclusively focus on the U.S.Similar to #SpringBreak, we would find the top states and cities for #Happyhour. Then we would analyze the images for the top cities. What are most people drinking? Cocktails or beer/wine? What are the most common hashtags associated with it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Traveling teams  Idea Description: Sure, we know about advantages in home court advantage. But does the distance traveled for college teams disperately impact results? Are some teams doomed from the start based on what region they draw into? Wed find locations of games, and where each school is located, to find average win/loss records across distance markers. Are 6 seeds traveling less than 100 miles significatly at more of an advantage?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Firefighters - Exploring the Attraction  Idea Description: A survey where we would try to understand the romantic attraction to firefighters, cops, and other authority/safety personnel, first responders. What is it that makes them attractive? How much more attractive? Which type of figure is most attractive? How does this differ by different demographics? Could possibly even combine with some kind of cop/firefighter appreciation calendar type competition.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Aggregate Predictions from Experts - When Will Full Autonomy Arrive  Idea Description: Many people have predicted when autonomous driving (in all its stages) would arrive. So far, most have missed the mark by a lot. This would be a dataset we collect from quotes from industry experts over the last 5 years. What were the predictions? Did they pan out? What are the current predictions? When will we have true level 3,4,5 driving? When will it be ubiquitous? What is the spread and confidence?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Drinking Injuries  Idea Description: Wed survey 1,000 people to find the most common injuries associated with drinking. Potential assets:- These are the most common drinking injuries for women - These are the most common drinking injuries for men - Regional breakdown-- are warmer states more likely to get injured than cooler states? Vice versa.- The top substances people drink before injuring themselves (wine, beer, liquor, etc)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Gym Personalities  Idea Description: When you go to the gym you are definitely going to see various personality types ranging from your Super Fit person, the person that constantly checks themselves out in the mirror, and everything in between. For this campaign let 's see where these people/personality types are most prevalent in various states. Are more people looking at themselves in the mirror in California compared to Florida?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: The Most Miserable State  Idea Description: A little larger scope, or at least longer timeline for some extra research. But what is the most miserable state in the US? Low employment, low days of sunshine and other bad weather, highest government assistance, and other metrics (that we could get from areavibes really easily with their liveability scores). Wed make a meta score, and rate states and cities (big and small) to create a misery index.  <|endoftext|>"
