"Idea Title: Preparing for Natural Disasters  Idea Description: Various regions across the United States experience different types of natural disasters, whether is tornados, hurricanes, earthquakes, snowstorms, etc. This campaign could do a deep dive on the sentiment of individuals towards different disasters by region they live in, the efforts they make in preparing themselves and their households for these occurrences, and the amount they spend on repairs/safety.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Your Encounter with Cyber Bullying  Idea Description: We all know about cyber bullying but what percentage of people feel that theyve personally been impacted by it? Did they do anything as a result? Are Millennials the most frequent suffers? Do people believe that as we become more technologically connected and dependent, cyber bullying rates will increase as well? What is the outlook like and are there any recommendations for being proactive against it?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Was It Worth It?  Idea Description: Debt is a pain in the ass, but not all debt is bad debt. It give people the chance to experience things they never had the ability to do. For this campaign we can get the honest truth of what people feel is a good debt and what is a bad debt. How many people would increase their debt to go back to school, travel the world, or even try to provide more for their family and loved ones? Lets find out.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Eye Color and Eye Problems  Idea Description: Do people with blue eyes need glasses earlier or more often than those with green, hazel or brown? Do people with brown eyes have more eye injuries than those with green? Lets survey people about their vision, vision issues, when they started and compare that with their eye color. I think it would be interesting to see if more blue eyed people are nearsighted or if more brown eyed people have get styes  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Thats Inconvienient  Idea Description: Everyday people encounter things that are super inconvenient yet we just tend to deal with day after day. For this project, lets see what people think are the most inconvenient things they face in various industries (tech, retail, dining, etc.) This will show how consumers really feel about certain things and ultimately give companies better insight of how to improve the lives of their consumers.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Speaking the Language  Idea Description: Sometimes learning an extra language or two can be vital in easing out the competition and landing a job or gig. How many people have learned a second or even third language in order to get ahead in the world? Which languages? How did they learn it - app? computer software? in-person classes? living abroad? How effective did they find each method? Did they ever lie about their proficiency to land a gig?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Not available yet: Veterans and Anxiety  Idea Description: Using the NHIS data from IPUMS (it is from 2018 BUT indications make me think this is getting updated for 2019 VERY soon)The variables we can explore are attached below as an image.In addition we can compare active duty to veterans of different eras (Persian gulf, vietnam, korean, post sept 2001) which would make this really unique from anything that has covered veterans mental health in general  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Living on the Wrong Side of the Tracks  Idea Description: Where do the worlds largest income disparities exist? In this campaign, using census data and map visualizations, we will literally draw the lines on the map that highlight the areas with the largest income imbalances exist. Locally in Florida, Belle Glade and Palm Beach Island have been highlighted. Where else? The goal is to find the richest and poorest areas within closest proximity to one another.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: STD Stigma  Idea Description: STD have always had a stigma attached to them, but what do Americans really feel about them now. Do they care if someone has HPV? Would you be mad if you found out your significant other had the clap, even though its gone now? What disease still carry the highest stigmas and which ones are tolerable? When should you tell your significant other about and STD you have or had in the past? Lots to explore.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Incomes effect on education, crime, and the city you live in (and best bangs for your buck)  Idea Description: What cities in America can you get the best eduation for your money? How much do education, crime rate, and employment rates corellate to wealth? Using Areavibes internal data, wed get all their info for education (test scores, teacher/student ratio etc.) median incomes of rented and owned homes, crime rates (very detailed) and show correlations between income and quality of life in different areas.  <|endoftext|>"
