"Idea Title: Sleepovers as Adults  Idea Description: When youre a kid, sleepovers with friends are an exciting event. But after college, working and starting families, we stop sleeping over with our friends as often. How often do Americans have people spend the night with them? How often do they sleep over at a friends? Is it planned or a results of drinking too much? Are people who have/go to these sleepovers more often closer with their friends?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Personalities of Most Popular Twitch Players  Idea Description: Depending on who you are when streaming on twitch, you have the ability to generate a huge following of subscribers and people that will watch you for hours. My question is, what is it about these streamers that attracts such a large following. For this campaign lets take interviews (Youtube transcribe) or even live streams to get a personality breakdown of the top twitch streamers using Watson.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Advice From Your Elders  Idea Description: Growing up, we all heard, Listen to your elders. Parents and grandparents would say things like don 't get married to your 30. take care of your body, and spend more time with family than at your job. Let 's survey the elderly about which of these phrases they agree with and why. Which of them followed this advice and how did it turn out? Which didn 't follow this advice and how did it turn out?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Making the Bed  Idea Description: Should we make the bed? Should we not? Its debatable! So lets run a survey to 1) see how many people make their beds 2) how they rate their job life and relationship success or satisfaction and 3) their perceptions or judgements of those that dont make their bed. How many make it right when they wake up vs right before going to bed? What are our judgements of those that dont vs those that do?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Facebook is Listening  Idea Description: My girlfriend was talking to her sister about her engagement party and when she logged onto her facebook, there were ads for engagement rings. This happens frequently. Does the average American think that they see targeted ads based on what their smart devices overhear? How many Americans have actually seen this? How do they feel about it, and does it make them more/less likely to buy the product  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Bringing Your Work Home  Idea Description: Many of us have to take work home but its been said that this is. one the. worst things to do for your relationship. Lets survey and see how many people take their work home and how they rank their relationship satisfaction? Which industry takes their work home the most often? Who takes actual work to do vs the stress of the day? How do ppl avoid taking it home? What tips do they have to share?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Sex Playlists  Idea Description: Many people have a go-to playlist, station, or genre that they put on to get them in the mood. How do their partners feel about their selection? Will a killer playlist really help you get lucky? Will a corny playlist ruin the mood? How often do people feel embarrassed because of a song that made its way into their collection (e.g. sexual healing by Marvin Gaye, or Animals by Nickelback, etc.)  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sexy Secretaries  Idea Description: Well, you said the client wanted sexy soooo. Lets find out how many bosses have been attracted to their secretaries? People who work on them? How many hiring people admit to hiring attractive people? Hooked up on a business trip? Creeped on a facebook because they were attractive? Industries where it happens the most? How many current single people WOULD sleep with someone from work? Their boss?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Most Hated Tournament Teams/Players  Idea Description: If you regularly watch the NCAA tournament chances are there are players and teams you kind of wish would hit a sinkhole on their way to the venue-- mostly Aaron Harrison and Duke. For this study wed survey tournament fans about their feelings toward the villains (aka Grayson Allen). of the NCCAA tournament *other option is to do a Reddit scrape similar to FFrequency on hated players/teams*  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: How Can Twitter (or FB) be Fixed?  Idea Description: We would begin with all well known important recommendations for how twitter could be improved. Improved overall, in terms of how abusive conversations get on average, stoking learning vs. outrage, etc. Should we make all accounts verified only? More friction to share? Changes to liking buttons? feed moderation changes? or go completly anon? How do people really feel? How much agreement is there?  <|endoftext|>"
