"Idea Title: US vs Everyone - A Global Look at Healthy Years Lost to Drugs, Alcohol, and Mental Illness  Idea Description: The Disability adjusted years of life lost dataset has data on most countries. In this campaign, we would compare the healthy life lost in the US due to drugs, alcohol, and mental illness/suicide to the rest of the world. We can see where these problems are improving, getting worse, or staying the same. The project would simple maps assets showing the percentage differences and trends over time.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Crypto on Twitter (Crypto Hot Pockets)  Idea Description: Where are the hot pockets of crypto holders? Are they in the major tech hubs of the US or are they in some random small towns. For this we can scrape Twitter for anything related to Cryptocurrencies in order to determine the hot pockets around the US or even the world. Who are the most influential people talking about cryptocurrency? What is the sentiment analysis of their tweets overtime?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Fuck Frequency, bitcoin edition  Idea Description: Similar to the fuck frequency we did for the world series, we could do the same thing daily instead of minute to minute in bitcoin subreddit comments (unless we want to do minute to minute) with if possible the sentiment behind the fucks per day ( on oh I'm fucked vs a Fuck yeah I made money) Kristin also had a good idea where we could look for other certain phrases like want to die etc  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Follow My Soundcloud  Idea Description: A handful of todays big artists got their start on soundcloud (like sheck wes), but its a running joke on twitter whenever a tweet goes viral people will promote their soundcloud. Itd be interesting to compare past soundcloud artists that made, if theyre still relevant, how likely you are to be a one-hit wonder if you got discovered on soundcloud vs how many actually blew up in popularity  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Sleep and Investments  Idea Description: We will survey 1,000 people on investment and financial decisions people have lost the most sleep over recently. Do people lose more sleep over a new home and mortgage, or a plunge in crypto prices overnight?We can break down by investment type and include additional info related to personal finance. Should be a solid way to garner new links for Amerisleep in the personal finance space.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Vices  Idea Description: We could survey people on their vices like drinking, smoking, drugs, gambling, sex and shopping. Im thinking of this to be more of a bad habits not an addiction piece. how often do they do these things? how does this impact their life if at all. maybe even find out top good habits and how ppl compare who have these habits vs bad habits? do they have better life satisfaction and productivity?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: #SpringBreak Intoxicated (Reboot)  Idea Description: This is a project we produced in 2017 that blew up. It seems like enough time has passed for a reboot and we could potentially have out by March/April for Spring Break. We scrape Instagram for #SpringBreak for 2018. From there we come up with the top states and cities for Spring Break by the number of posts. Then we analyze the cities by how frequently these posts include alcohol or drugs.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: If Not Florida, Where Else?  Idea Description: Florida is known as the destination for retiring, but what is the next most popular state where people would like to go and retire? Also why are these states drawing people to come? Is it the tax breaks, the beach/water, hundreds of golf courses, or the weather? For this campaign lets determine the most and least popular deciding factors people think about when they choose a place to retire.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Food at Work  Idea Description: The age old question 'Ai Is it okay to eat fish in the workplace? ...the answer, NO. But for this idea we would survey 1000 people who work in an office setting to answer questions about their eating, snacking, drinking habits, and more... We would ask participants habits about when, where and how they eat digging into the little pet-peeves they and others might have about their eating habits.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Registry Remorse  Idea Description: Why, exactly, do we need a fancy china set? Fancy towels? The mark of a grown up home often features these things that are to be seen and not handled. Heck, my wedding registry was full of them. Let 's take a generational look at the purchases that legitimize adults in the home, and whether people think they\re necessary to actually get (millennials kill X thing that 's not really important)  <|endoftext|>"
