"Idea Title: Who is Satoshi?  Idea Description: A survey of crypto enthusiasts about who they think the most likely person to be Satoshi, the creator of blockchain. There is a lot of speculation around who it could be, including a few top contendors. This would be the definitive survey of the community on who they think it is. Can the crowd tell? Do some crypto fans differ significantly? Etherium thinks its X, Bitcoin fans think its y.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Can you afford a pet  Idea Description: So you want a brand new golden doodle. Well, they\re huge. They have health problems, and those problems are expensive. Let 's survey pet owners to find out roughly how much/month different pets use up, how worth certain expenses they are, and tips and stories about pet ownership as they relate to finances. This could be a helpful guide for these are the most expensive breeds of dogs etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: First Cars Over Time  Idea Description: Im very curious to know how much baby boomers paid for their first cars, at what age they got them, and how long they had the car as compared to the other generations. What percentage of people didnt have to pay for their first car? (it was a gift) On avg how many years did people keep their first car for? How many accidents were they in in their first car? Was their first car new or used?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Smart Tactics For Consumers Whove Been Smart With their Credit  Idea Description: Through a survey, I think it would be interesting to ask people with good credit what advantages they have and what they do with it. What are their priorities, what types of accounts to they have? What types of debt do they use (and for what). It would be neat to ask them what good credit has done for them and what they think they couldnt have attained if their credit was poor.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: New Competitors  Idea Description: The pushback to Uber was a big story because of all the taxi drivers who suddenly got flooded by competitors willing to drive people around. How threatened are people now, not just based off things like automation, but the lowering of requirements for things like the side jobs being offered? How concerned is a mover about things like Airtasker, where I can just sign up a start hauling boxes?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Blue collar workers in the US  Idea Description: Similar to COVID Heroes, lets look at Blue color jobs across the US. What percentage of the US are blue collar workers? Lets look by state, by gender, race.lets look at income? This will have a lot of state and metro data to work with.We can look at salary trends and percentges trends overtime as well to make this moreon the growth or shrinkage of blue collar workers in america.ipums  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Which Part of your Car is Embarrassing You?  Idea Description: If you dont have a new or well-taken-care-of car, showing it to other people or giving rides can be a source of trepidation or embarrassment. What are the aspects of beat-up cars that are most embarrassing to the owners, and most judged by other people?Dents/scratches? Trash or stains? Weird bumper stickers? Miscolored pieces of the outside? Bad upholstery? Broken speakers? Bad smells?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: ER Visits, by Demographic  Idea Description: Hannah/JohnUsing the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey, we would break down emergency room visits by demographics, primarily race/ethnicity and gender. Among many other things, this data set contains aggregate data by demo on: wait times, top ten reasons for visits, total number of visits, mode of arrival, expected payment method. And that just scratching the surface.  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Dating Guide  Idea Description: Lets survey respondents about dating. What are the best places for a first date? What are the top activities to do? What is the right time to have sex (after how many dates)? What are some dating dos and donts they have experienced in the past? (we could even only ask people who say they are in a happy relationship to get something like a dating guide). How do takeaways differ UK vs US?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: AI vs Humans  Idea Description: When I was browsing articles on AI, I found this stat which mentioned: 45% of people prefer chatbots as the primary mode of communication for customer service activities.Let 's survey participants to gauge which communication and services they prefer performed by AI or humans. We could provide various scenarios revolving around medical procedures, customer service, armed forces, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
