"Idea Title: Dying Cities  Idea Description: The goal would be to use a metascore to try and tell the story of the city that is DYING the fastests. We would start with city to city migration data and then add layers around economics (unemployment, GDP loss), Look at crime, also look at things like burned out buildings/abondoned buildings data, most closed/failed restaurants or businesses, etc. Using this we can do City superlatives  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Financial Fears and Successes Timeline  Idea Description: For this campaign, we would ask people questions about their financial histories - not necessarily in terms of money, but in terms of fear, anxiety, insecurity, etc (but also money). At what point did people stop being in fear? At what point do people make the most? Spend the most? Feel the best financially? Wed ask people to draw them, then aggregate like anjas cool employer project.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Alone & Paranoid  Idea Description: For this campaign lets look deeper into the feelings of being alone. This could include whether you live alone, are home alone while your partner or family are away, travel alone, etc. How does feeling alone affect your perceptions of safety? Are you more likely to have feelings of paranoia? Do people formulate plans for what they would do if something happened while theyre alone?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Air Travel Etiquette  Idea Description: Kind of hijacking an old idea of Toms - lets find out what the most egregious breaches of etiquette are while flying. How many people think its just gross to wear pjs/sweatpants on a plane? What about bare feet? Bringing entire meals or babies on board? What else are other travelers judging you for? Then we can compare UK v US and find out how many people are guilty of each offense.  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Your Love in the Future  Idea Description: 'til death do us part.I want to grow old with you.These are the things we say to one another when we stumble into partnerships that take our breath away. How long does this sentiment last?For this idea, we 'll look at how people 's feelings towards growing old with their significant other changes with the length of the relationship, by the gender of the respondent, ect.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Most Ridiculous Medical Bill Ever Received  Idea Description: Using a survey, lets ask people who have been to a hospital in 5 years what the most ridiculous medical bill theyve ever received was. Was the bill completely unexpected or the price 3x higher than they expected? Did they end up having to pay for it out of pocket or with insurance? How did it make them feel about the state of health care, trust in their providers, and in the system?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Partners Describe Each Others Dick/Boobs  Idea Description: A survey asking women to use descriptive language to describe their partners penis. Could be a multiselect or open response and text analysis. We would do the same for men about their partners boobs perhaps. What differences do we see? Could also include a component of people describing their own genitals. What are the differences between how men and women perceive their own sex organs?  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Sleep Meds Made Me Do It  Idea Description: For those who take prescription or over-the-counter sleep medication sometimes the side-effects can include intense sleepwalking, or activities while still in total REM sleep. Ranging from just a casual sleepwalk around the house, to cooking a full meal, to the more dangerous like driving or wandering, sleep medication has been reported to cause really people to do really crazy things  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Eye Color Personalities  Idea Description: Lets survey people about their own eye color and shape, and see how that reflects into their personalities (artistic, health-conscious, career-driven, romantic, non-committal, nurturing). What are the stereotypes behind eye color? What about when it comes to attraction'Aiare people attracted to certain eye colors and eye shapes and how does that fluctuate by their own eye color/shape?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Tobacco and Alcohol Use: Data from CDCs NHIS  Idea Description: SImilar to the Fitness and Meditation: Data from CDCs NHIS in production, we would use NHIS data to learn about how healthy those who drink alcohol and and use tobacco products are compared to the general population. When does using these products actually start to hurt your health? Is this progressive, the more you use, the worse your health? Which demographics are at the most risk?  <|endoftext|>"
