"Idea Title: The Reading Level of the Internet  Idea Description: Whats the reading level of the internet? For this idea we would take to the net and scrape a wide variety of sources 'Ai News, political figures, top tech publications, subreddits surrounding various topics like cats, dogs, cooking and more... We would segment results by the reading level of these communities, sources and more for a great ranking of reading level across the internet.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Decoration Spending  Idea Description: (Partner is Matt T.) For this, we would explore the spending caps people have for spending on holiday decorations. How much do they spend on average and what is their ideal spending amount? How does this differ by people who 's neighbors decorate a TON (essentially putting on the pressure on them to step it up), by gender, by parental status, by how into the holidays they are, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Fecal Sampling Door Knobs  Idea Description: How many times have you opened a non brass door handle and wonder if you the last persons fecal matter is no on your hands? We would obtain a fecal collection kits from our germ labs, EMLabs, then sample peoples front doors. How many times have you cleaned your non-brass front door handle? How many times have you touched it? How many strangers have touched? Service people? Children?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Most Requested Tasks by Area  Idea Description: using Airtasker internal data (if at all possible) Lets try to source the areas where certain tasks are in a higher demand than others since they have a map feature listed with their tasks. We can presumably also use this map to show where people are offering better rates for the same task categories to show where people might need to start looking if they want that sort of gig work  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Health Investments  Idea Description: Lets survey people about their health investments. What have they spent money on (necessary adjustments like operations, etc. and cosmetic adjustments, health programs, checkups, healthy diets etc.). What area of the body and which health topics do people spend the most money on? How much do they spend on average? Who had to pay out of pocket? How much did people with insurance pay?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: What would you do with F You money?  Idea Description: If you had F -you money, what would you do? How many people would hire someone for something dumb? How many would buy a plane? How many would retire? How many think they could handle it? Personally, Id hire someone to unwrap starburst wrappers for me. But emotionally, I dont know how well Id do? How many people are like me and think their overall quality of life would go down?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Postpartum Pressure  Idea Description: How long do people feel it should take for a woman to lose pregnancy weight? Do women feel pressured because of celebrity pregnancies and their recovery time? How many women actually aspire to lose weight after giving birth? How many women hope to fit into their old clothes pre-pregnancy? What are the most common workout methods among new moms? What are the most prominent motivators  <|endoftext|>
"Idea Title: Music and Studying  Idea Description: Building off the success of our Music at Work campaign, lets survey current students about their current GPA and the music they listen to. We can also ask about their level of stress, exam anxiety, etc to see how music might be impacting our ability to learn. What genre of song sees the highest GPA? Do music-listening studiers feel lower rates of exam anxiety as compared to others?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Post-COVID Employment Standards  Idea Description: The COVID-19 pandemic, and our response to it, have changed the way practically every employer and employee works. Have they also changed what traits and experience employers value and seek? Have they changed what employees are looking for in an employer?What are the essential post-COVID employee skills? What are the essential employer characteristics that will attract employees?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: My 600lb life analysis  Idea Description: The show my 600lb life has had hundreds of episodes. We would have freelancers code the episodes for the data on the progression of the barratric weight loss patients. How many lost the weight? Kept if off? How fast did this happen? how many setback did they have on the show? What sorts of personalities seemed to correlate with success? Influence of enablers? Demographic differences?  <|endoftext|>
