"Idea Title: Music making money move  Idea Description: Do venues play certain music because it makes consumers perform a certain way? this looks at the method behind playlists at popular consumption spots like hotels, restaurants, bars and casinos. Sometime playlist can be extremely obvious to shoppers for example Hollister is known for a certain type of music, while others might be designed to subliminally stimulate a purchase.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Success and Sleep  Idea Description: Does the amount of sleep you get affect your success in life? A study from the CDC says that sleep is vital for a College students success... For this idea we would survey a series of respondents 'Ai From current college students to people in the workforce. We would ask them questions that gauge success- from Grades to Position, to salary range- Who sleeps the most and least?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Neighbors and Noise  Idea Description: Is it their TV? Stereo? How do you handle it? 'Ai A note? A call? A talk in person? A loud bang on the wall? For this idea we would A. survey people on IF theyve ever complained about their neighbor or roommate and their noise. And, B. how they handled it if they have had this problem? This idea is super relatable and tangential to music, sound, noise and our personal space.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: I need an upgrade  Idea Description: This idea examines the craziness of technology being constantly updated and upgraded and consumers trying to keep up with it. Let 's examine how much money people spend on new technologies, who 's most crazy about upgrades (phones, TVs, laptops...) and who the other ones are - people like me who would not pay $100 more on my monthly phone bill just to get the new iPhone.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: How Average Age Informs Crime and Other Statistics  Idea Description: Every winter, swaths of the Sun Belt states get an enormous influx of retirement age people. On a larger scale, elderly populations have been migrating en mass to warmer climes at an accelerating rate over the course of years and decades. From both levels of observation, between seasons and between decades, how have climbing average ages changed crime rates in those areas?  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Personality of a Drug User  Idea Description: For this idea we would collect bodies of text submitted from drug users on sub-Reddits and determine the average personality of someone from each community. For example, do people who smoke marijuana exhibit more or less cheerfulness than other types of drugs? This would be a fun one to produce, but might take a few extra weeks to collect and run Watson Personality analysis.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Freedom of the Press (Signs of Crumbling Democracy)  Idea Description: *Idea is tangential* Freedom of the press has often been linked with a healthy democracy but lately the press (and journalists) have been under fire sometimes literally giving up their lives for the chance to report on news. Using Data.worlds data set of Journalism Deaths we can see which countries have lost the most journalists, where they are getting killed the most, etc.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Whats Wrong with this Picture?  Idea Description: Whenever theres a mass shooting, the killer often ends up with his face all over the news. In fact, this celebrity status often inspires others to commit these acts. For this campaign, we would see how well Americans know mass shooters. We would show them their pictures and ask them to identify the person. We would then do the same with political and civil rights leaders.  <|endoftext|>"
"Idea Title: Mattress Size Matters  Idea Description: If I gave you $100 would you sleep on a twin mattress for a month? and how do these responses differ by amount of money and current bed size? What about pet owners, or people who are married? Does it depend on how long they slept on a twin bed growing up? Or on how tall they are? Are people over 6 foot tall going to be most likely to say no, for any amount of money?  <|endoftext|>"
Idea Title: Cybersecurity vs. IRL security  Idea Description: This survey will look to see if Americans see hacking data as a threat like IRL crime. We will see perceptions on dangers and compare the measures people take to protect themselves with real life threats to safety like burglary and theft vs how they protect themselves (if it all) to cyber threats. Then we can go into the likelihood of being hacked vs the equivalent of IRL.  <|endoftext|>
